Clinical Signs

Furthermore , we assume that the contact tracing starts when individuals are diagnosed .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint .

The copyright holder for this preprint


No pre-defined tool for the assessment of the quality of evidence was used as publications about environmental events rarely provide sufficient detail . Articles were rated according to their applicability as either ' direct ' to signify strong causality and direct applicability of its content ; ' moderate ' , if they provided strong circumstantial evidence but data taken from these articles required careful interpretation before it could be used ; or ' indirect ' , if they did not support causal inference and if the content could only be used as background information .

Source Data should be included to report the data underlying graphs . Please follow the guidelines set out in the author ship guidelines on Data Presentation .

The data shown in figures should satisfy the following conditions :

Each figure caption should contain the following information , for each panel where they are relevant :

We rely on meteorological data to construct instrumental variables for the endogenous variables .



In this study , we looked at the

The following abbreviations are used in this manuscript :


Jeeyoun Jung https://orcid.org/0000-0002-9213-4748

Our data should help design future clinical trials . A source control arm should be included in tests of mask and respirator effectiveness .

? , not known .

Several strategies for boosting the existing surveillance and health care capacity were identified as practical and potentially effective :



interpretation , literature search , and writing of the manuscript .


o Large size study within the setting of a healthcare registry system that grants complete and uniform data collecting .

Funding No specific grant from any public agency , commercial or not * for * profit sectors was received for the presented research .

Moreover , we notice that the moments of the degree distribution can be expressed in terms of the normalization constants as follows :


Images generated with PyMOL .


Additionally , we now provide a supplementary user interface , which allows stakeholders to test input parameters of interest using up-to-date information . Here , in addition to the analyses presented in this study , we implemented the possibility that some fraction of infected travellers deliberately evade screening .

Give summary details of the setting and other relevant characteristics which help define the inclusion or exclusion criteria .

Additional search strategy information can be found in the attached PDF document ( link provided below ) .

Give the telephone number for the named contact , including international dialling code .


Ground

author / funder . All rights reserved . No reuse allowed without permission .

Supplementary Information is available for this paper .


Supporting Information S1




No potential conflicts of interest were disclosed .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint .


None .

Commuting networks extracted from census surveys . The census commuting networks are extracted from three

pathogens is an open question in disease ecology . Importantly , patterns like these would be missed without incorporating high-resolution pathogen data .

Modifications are needed to set a specific cutoff value or to capture host heterogeneity in transmission or incomplete sampling .


Then we obtain the matrix

The parameters described above were then calculated , and the pairs were sorted accordingly . The primer pair with the best fit was selected as a " genus-specific pair . "

( iv ) absence of self-complementary regions ;

We present data narratively with descriptive statistics .

Not applicable .

No competing interests were disclosed .

This leads to :

Raw data sets not included in the manuscript or in the supplementary information are available from the corresponding author upon request .


Total



( DOCX )

" No serious adverse effects or complications were observed .

Are sufficient details of the code , methods and analysis ( if applicable ) provided to allow replication of the software development and its use by others ? Partly

Is the rationale for developing the new software tool clearly explained ? Yes


Empty


None of the studies that included special populations reported treatment-related adverse events .

In fact , workflow approaches have been applied to develop the Laboratory Information Management Systems ( LIMS ) as an efficient method to handle tests performed in the laboratory .

bELISA

Crystallization , structure determination of the N214A protease

 Seek international consensus on data sharing .


Quotes are labelled with study reference , population , infection context and location .

To our knowledge , there has been no previous attempt to synthesise qualitative studies on non-pharmaceutical respiratory infection control . Our aim was to synthesis the qualitative literature on public perceptions of non-pharmaceutical public health interventions that aim to reduce the transmission of acute respiratory infections .

The findings of our study have an implication for public health . Risk communication might be more effective if health authorities focus on a variety of information communication channels for conveying health behavior messages . Moreover , our findings concerning perception of different health behaviors show substantial differences among age groups .

A further limitation of our study is that we did not consider the influential factors on risk perception in an epidemic model . Hence , future research should explicitly consider a number of additional influential factors on risk perception within an epidemic modeling , including disease prevalence , network effects , and government and media health messages .

Generally , the individual with risk perceptual status is more likely to have the communicable belief among the population .



The calibration curves were used to compare the observed probability with the predicted probability .

We assume a low percentage , as no specific risk factors have been identified , and known times or sources of exposure are rarely reported in existing line lists .

Give the electronic mail address of the named contact .

The review has not yet started : Provide any other relevant information about the stage of the review here ( e.g. Funded proposal , protocol not yet finalised ) .


Overall structure



is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint .



communicating risk and safety information to patients

Our assumption therefore is that this is a region of relative instability that is dispensable for viral replication .

https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0182132.g008

http://www.biomedcentral.com/1471-230X/9/63/pre pub

The pre-publication history for this paper can be accessed here :

We have


For

The model assumes that there is no direct contact between hospitalized individuals and non hospitalized individuals from the

The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder .

Undertake a risk assessment to determine whether expanded measures are warranted , and whether a response protocol should be established to mitigate the risk of introduction of vectors detected in aircrafts .

This study did not generate code or dataset .

At the start of an epidemic , the growth rate of infected hosts and vectors is assumed to be a constant » , so the total number of infected hosts and vectors is defined as

Firstly , by assuming the entire host and vector population is susceptible to the pathogen , the ODEs ( see Methods in the main text ) can be reduced to the following subsystem .

The author declares that there is no conflict of interests regarding the publication of this paper .


The Health in Action section is a forum for individuals or organizations to highlight their innovative approaches to a particular health problem .



https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1006778.g009

We show that interventions such as law adjustments and raising awareness can decrease notification and reporting delays , but thresholds for outbreak control are not yet achieved .


The different stages in the catalytic cycle that we postulate are possibly because of crystal packing and accessibility .


This paper offered a four-factor structure as a way of modelling the overall level of hospital resilience and the level of each factor independently . Thus the questionnaire can be used to provide a helpful and comprehensive instrument for assisting hospitals to assess their level of resilience at a regional or a district level in regard to disasters , and assist them in identifying areas for further strengthening their resilience capability through comparison with similar components of other hospitals . The evaluation framework and its key measures in the questionnaire may inform the development of hospital resilience evaluation in other countries .


and is defined as :


o Information on important confounders were lacking ( lifestyle factors or medication ) .

Boxplots and heatmaps were used to show the temporal trends and variations in the antibody levels .

The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the


This manuscript reviews the most common bacterial zoonoses and practical control measures against them .

For each k-tuple w in the sequence , not only the information of tuple numbers but also the information of tuple positions is involved in the definition of H . We take H as the feature of w in the sequence , and then construct a vector consisted of H of all possible k-tuples in the given sequence .

Proportion of infectious agents in the population . r

Here we analyze the behavioral decision model used by the agents to decide whether or not to The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . susceptible behavior and for the prophylactic behavior otherwise .

for the uncensored geometrics .


The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is

( a ) An improved paradigm : new models for supporting research and development of new therapeutics


Safety profile , as measured by the incidence , intensity , and relationship to study drug of adverse events and serious adverse events .

Participation in the study is completely voluntary . A participant may choose to withdraw at any stage without giving reason .

For tests that had a single result after being moved into challenge housing , the transformed data were analysed using a general linear mixed model with fixed effects : treatment . For tests that had multiple results after being moved into challenge housing , the transformed data were analysed using a general linear repeated measures mixed model with fixed effects : treatment , time point , and treatment by time point interaction ; and random effects : animal within treatment , which is the animal term .

No additional data are available .

Positive-Sense Single Stranded RNA ( ( + ) ssRNA ) Viruses

The present review aims at a description of the reported antiviral activities of metal nanoparticles and their production methods , with particular regard to silver nanoparticles .

author / funder . All rights reserved . No reuse allowed without permission .

which are related to the strains via the following compatibility equations ñ ò

The scheme is iterated for several time periods until a periodic solution is reached .

No author has any conflict of interest , financial or otherwise , to declare in relation to this study .

The primary outcome of this epidemiologic analysis was case counts and cumulative case counts .

The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the .

Sequences (

In

Finally , in order to anticipate the emergence of resistance in bacteria , some molecules have the significant advantage of not being used alone , of focusing on multiple targets and thus eradicating the infection as quickly as possible .

Despite all these techniques , if a molecule is identified , it must then go through the steps of its clinical evaluation .

A correlation between cytokine levels and laboratory or clinical results was not found .

references :

Data sharing statement No additional data are available .

Zn finger genes

C18ps

Here we have given the data analyst perspective on what data are required to answer important policy questions . It is equally important that other perspectives should be heard to be better prepared for and improve interactions during crises , thereby minimizing the impact of future outbreaks .


This systematic review aggregates information of articles in the literature , so ethical review by an independent review board was unnecessary .

age distribution of these verified deaths is currently not available .



" As part of emergency preparedness , the scientific community should support ongoing initiatives that address major obstacles to data sharing and should embrace open science practices in both emergency and nonemergency research .

" Ongoing research that does not directly relate to an emergency now may be critical for the next unpredictable outbreak .

Supporting information S1

" Top scoring results are not unique for species


The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is

In our model , we decompose the infected compartment into symptomatic and asymptomatic sub-compartments . Due to this decomposition , the progression rate is given by the weighted sum

references :

None .

A laboratory-confirmed case was a clinically-confirmed case that tested positive for Cryptosporidium .

A Case for Going Wild : Do T . gondii-Induced Behavioral Changes Exist in Natural Habitats ?

Instruments and equipment should meet the following requirements :

The detailed requirements of the individual monitoring period , individual monitoring file , wearing of dosimeters , qualification review of individual monitoring services , delivery of the reports , and report procedure of individual monitoring results .

Page 42

The absence of electronic systems would also increase the labour resources required for such a system . The lack of specificity and the possibility of - false outbreaks  which could eventually lead to fatigue amongst the staff and agencies involved in responding to potential outbreak situations limit its applicability as an ongoing surveillance system in its current form .

The studies included in the review reported a range of contextual factors , behavioural mechanisms or intervention features that either improved or inhibited the effectiveness of the program . High levels of community engagement are necessary for dengue control interventions to be effective . Barriers to community engagement that are reported in the studies include the perception that dengue is not an important public health issue or that the proposed intervention is not effective . This highlights the

Whether cleaved IRE stem-loops are functional molecules remains to be determined .


The capture of standard data elements and use of common definitions for emergency care indicators facilitates the produc-

Funding acquisition : EV .

All rights reserved . No reuse allowed without permission .

Before proceeding , we shall introduce some notation and definitions that will prove useful throughout the article .

R



) and adjusted for age at baseline sampling ( = , 5

Figures S1-S19


Yield , purity , viability , and morphology

where is a nonlinear function determined by SVM and is the random error . Therefore , the combined forecast is

https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.ppat.1006735.g006

All datasets generated for this study are included in the article / supplementary material .


The expenditures made to prepare for - or recover from - a pandemic .


these variables to be significant indicators of future dengue activity .

All rights reserved . No reuse allowed without permission .

Because is in natural log form , this constitutes a geometric random walk .

We then model the mean , , , as a simple log-linear equation

The data sets supporting the results of this article are included within the article ( and its additional files ) .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint .

Data S1

Lrrc39


All rights reserved . No reuse allowed without permission .

Data sharing statement : Technical appendix , statistical code , and dataset available upon request with proper ethical approval .

We fit a multivariable logistic model to analyze the risk factors for severe illness , and used a Bayesian hierarchical model to derive the population prevalence of each respiratory virus .

Forward

Is the language acceptable ? Yes

" Acknowledgements Please acknowledge anyone who contributed to the study but did not meet the authorship criteria .


In conclusion , the cruise ship conditions clearly amplified an already highly transmissible disease .

The model describing a stratified population onboard can be described by :

No specific permits were required for the described field studies . No specific permissions were required for these locations / activities . No location is privately-owned or protected in any way . The field studies did not involve endangered or protected species .


and for the null model is

Travel for infectious individuals is both a structural and parameterization issue . For pathogens causing particularly severe disease , it may be completely realistic for no infectious individuals to travel , but for pathogens associated with mild disease or asymptomatic infection , infectious individuals may travel at the same rate as any other individual . However , data on differential travel practices for infectious individuals is rare . In the absence of solid data , we favor having infectious individuals travel at the same rate as others , thus avoiding the delays in spread induced by an unsubstantiated assumption .

as shown in our previous report . 52

None .


The online-only Supplement data are available with this article online : https://doi.org/10.4266/kjccm.2017.00038.


For this baseline series of experiments , all of them were performed in a still water environment , with no pressure differential simulated across the doorway .



This effort was funded by Defense Threat Reduction Agency .

All rights reserved . No reuse allowed without permission .

Conflicts of interest None .

We modeled each pathogen with a deterministic SEIR transmission model coupled to a simple observation model :

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint .

that were peaking when the disruption occurred and least for viruses in early epidemic phase .

Publish with Bio Med Central and every scientist can read your work free of charge http://www.ij-healthgeographics.com/content/3/1/2

Intervention :

where did you receive your training and what made you interested in exercise and immune function-related research ?

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint

Project name : Glycosylator . Project home page : https://github.com/tlemmin/ glycosylator

The author ( s ) declare that they have not competing interest .

If the difference between the expected generation time and expected time to sampling is negligible :

Our findings in regard to treatment are nonspecific . Proven treatment options must await proper clinical trials in other centers .

We observed that the time from symptom onset to admission decreased during the outbreak ( data not shown ) .

The gradient of infection allows us to characterize , once more , when disease expansion will either be most likely or least likely . To do so , we study the partial derivative at .

which leads to the following recurrence relation for

Hence we can consider that the initial state of the large outbreak is N sus-

The number of susceptibles consumed before the large outbreak is negligible with respect to the number of susceptibles consumed during the large outbreak .


Ethics approval and consent to participate Not applicable .



We are working to eliminate this issue in future versions of the software .

The model consists of the following system of ordinary differential equations :

The value of the basic reproductive number is

The initial time is

LLC-PK1 cells were seeded into six-well plates ( 6 × 10 5 cells / well ) 24 h prior to use and were used at 70 - 90 % confluence . Cells were mock-infected or infected with PDCoV ( 10 3.8 TCID 50 units / well ) . At the indicated time points , cells were scraped into PBS and pelleted . The cell pellet was lysed in 1 × sample buffer ( Biorad Laboratories , Watford , UK ) containing 2 - mercaptoethanol , sonicated for 2 min ( 70 % amplitude ) and heated to 95 " C for 3 min . Proteins were separated by SDS-PAGE and transferred onto nitrocellulose membrane . After blocking in 5 % milk in PBS-Tween 20 ( PBS-T ) , membranes were incubated with primary antibodies to detect PDCoV nucleoprotein ( N ) ( Alpha Diagnostic International ) and actin ( Abcam , Cambridge , UK ) diluted in blocking buffer . After washing in PBS-T , membranes were incubated with IRDye labelled secondary antibody ( LI-COR , Cambridge , UK ) diluted in blocking buffer . After further washes , membranes were imaged using an Odyssey CLx Infrared imaging system ( LI-COR ) .

Finally , the ultrastructure of PDCoV ROs was investigated . In agreement with previous studies on PDCoV and numerous other coronaviruses , DMVs were found in PDCoV-infected cells . Furthermore , the appearance of these DMVs was indistinguishable from DMVs found in other coronavirus infected cells when fixed with glutaraldehyde . DMVs were first detected at 6 hpi and continued to be detected until 24 hpi , which was the latest timepoint studied . Throughout infection , DMVs were observed as individual vesicles or in either small or large clusters . However , as seen for IBV [ 24 ] , the DMVs were rarely in close proximity . This made it unlikely for DMVs to have connections and form part of an interconnected membrane network , as observed for SARS-CoV [ 20 ] . In addition , the large clusters of DMVs were not found to be associated with zippered ER and spherules , suggesting there may be functional differences between these structures . Finally , no likely intermediates in DMV formation were observed at any timepoint . Therefore , it remains to be determined precisely how DMVs are formed .

To gain a more conclusive picture of the onset and localization of viral RNA synthesis , BrU incorporation into nascent viral RNA was adopted . This allowed the visualization of RNA synthesized within a defined period of time ( here , 30 min prior to fixation of cells ) . Using this technique , the onset of viral RNA synthesis was shown to be between 2.5 hpi and 3 hpi . Again , this was significantly earlier than detected at the population level using RT-qPCR , reflecting the increased sensitivity of single cell analyses . The sites of viral RNA synthesis appeared in individual puncta or small clusters of puncta in the perinuclear region . As the infection proceeded , comparable to sites of dsRNA accumulation , the number of BrU puncta increased and became more dispersed throughout the cytoplasm . By 4 hpi , there was a small increase in the number of puncta , but the number and spread of puncta increased dramatically by 6 hpi . Therefore , a small number of ROs was expected at 3 hpi and 4 hpi . However , by 6 hpi , numerous ROs were present throughout large areas of the cytoplasm . The dramatic increase in the number of sites of RNA synthesis ( BrU puncta ) by 6 hpi correlates with the observed increase in accumulated viral RNA detected by RT-qPCR , indicating that RT-qPCR is not sufficiently sensitive to detect small changes in total RNA at earlier timepoints .

Viruses 2019 , 11 , x FOR PEER REVIEW 11 of 18 vesicles are indicated with black arrows , DMVs are indicated with white arrows , and regions of zippered ER with spherules are indicated with black brackets . Scale bars indicate 1 1 ⁄ 4 m ( A and B ) or 500 nm ( C-F ) .

Total RNA was isolated from HeLa-MAGI-CCR5 cells transfected with indicated amounts of the Tat / pcDNA 3 , Flag PACT / pcMV2 , Flag TRBP / pcDNA 3.1  or pcDNA 3.1 expression constructs . After two washes with ice-cold PBS , 250 ml of RNAZol B was added and total RNA was isolated as per the manufacturer 's instructions . cDNA was synthesized at 42 ° C for 1 h using random hexamer primers , 1 mg of total RNA , M-MuLV reverse transcriptase , 500 mM dNTPs and RNase inhibitor RNAsin ( Promega ) . For each PCR , 2 ml of cDNA and 50 pmoles of forward and reverse primers designed to amplify a 166 bp region of the 2 - galactosidase transcript or a 500 bp region of the 2 - actin transcript were used with the Promega GoTaq Polymerase Kit . The following conditions were used for PCR : 95 ° C for 5 min ( initial denaturation ) , denaturation at 95 ° C for 30 s , annealing at 45 ° C for 30 s and extension at 72 ° C for 30 s for 20 , 25 or 30 cycles .

Recent studies established that PACT 's function as a PKR activator is suppressed during HIV-1 infection , and PACT is unable to activate PKR in HIV-1-infected cells [ 10 , 24 , 34 ] . During the course of HIV-1 infection , there is a transient increase in PKR activation followed by a gradual decrease , which indicates the presence of a viral mechanism to subvert sustained PKR activation . A significant increase in the interactions between PACT , PKR and ADAR1 ( adenosine deaminase acting on RNA 1 ) is also observed and strongly correlates with decreased PKR activation and increased viral protein production [ 34 ] . The ADAR1-p150 isoform is an ISG-encoded , RNA-editing enzyme that catalyzes the deamination of adenosine to inosine in viral and cellular dsRNA substrates [ 35 , 36 ] . This often results in the destabilization of RNA secondary structures or incorporation of amino acids detrimental to viral protein structure and function [ 4 , 6 , 37 ] . In the present study , we further characterized the molecular mechanisms involved in mediating PACT 's proviral effects during HIV-1 replication . Our findings indicate that PACT increases HIV-1 gene expression at the translational level via inhibition of PKR activation by acting in concert with an HIV-1-encoded protein Tat and a cellular protein ADAR1 to bring about sustained PKR inhibition and efficient translation of TAR-containing mRNAs . The present study underscores the essential role of Tat protein in this inhibitory complex and indicates that Tat enhances the translation of HIV-1 mRNAs in addition to its canonical trans-activation function during transcription [ 38 ] and its role as an inhibitory PKR pseudosubstrate [ 39 ] . Our study also highlights the importance of ADAR1 in this multiprotein complex as a key component that mediates PKR inhibition during HIV-1 infection . As all HIV-1 mRNAs contain the TAR structure at their 5 0 - end , these results shed light on how these mRNAs are efficiently translated in virally infected cells .

One of the ISG products is PKR ( protein kinase , RNA-activated ) , a protein kinase that plays a central role in regulating the outcome of a viral infection [ 9 ] [ 10 ] [ 11 ] . In virally infected cells , PKR is activated by binding to dsRNA ( double-stranded RNA ) , a product of several viral infections , including HIV-1 [ 12 , 13 ] . The interaction between PKR and dsRNA induces a conformational change that is essential for PKR 's catalytic activation [ 14 ] . PKR then phosphorylates the translation initiation factor eIF2 ± on serine 51 , resulting in a decline of general protein synthesis , and consequent cessation of viral protein synthesis [ 15 , 16 ] . To counteract PKR 's antiviral actions , viruses have developed measures that include dsRNA sequestration , decoy substrates , and direct interaction of virally encoded inhibitory proteins with PKR [ 17 , 18 ] . One of the host proteins that inhibits PKR activation during HIV-1 replication is the TAR RNA-binding protein ( TRBP ) , which was first identified due to its strong binding affinity for the trans-activation response ( TAR ) element RNA found in the 5 0 - end of all HIV-1 mRNA transcripts [ 19 , 20 ] . In eukaryotic mRNAs , the 5 0 - untranslated region ( UTR ) is critical for ribosome recruitment to the mRNA , start codon choice and control of translation efficiency . This dual inhibitory effect of TAR on translation has promoted the development of viral countermeasures in order to achieve efficient viral replication . During HIV-1 infection , TRBP inhibits PKR activation by sequestration of the activating TAR RNA and by direct interaction with PKR 's two dsRNA-binding motifs [ 21 ] [ 22 ] [ 23 ] . Although TRBP is an effective inhibitor of PKR , HIV-1 has evolved additional mechanisms to more effectively block PKR activity and successfully replicate in infected cells [ 10 , 24 ] .

To ensure that the Tat-dependent , PACT-mediated inhibition of PKR was not a result of changes in TAR-firefly luciferase mRNA or firefly luciferase mRNA transcript levels , we performed qRT-PCR analysis to quantify firefly luciferase mRNA levels in total RNA isolated from the PKR  /  MEFs transfected with the constructs indicated in Figure 3 A . There were no significant differences in firefly luciferase mRNA levels in the various samples ( Figure 3 B ) , demonstrating that PACT 's Tat-dependent effect on luciferase expression is at the translational level , most probably by counteracting PKR activation .

To examine the activity of PACT and Tat on PKR-induced inhibition of translation , PKR  /  MEFs were co-transfected with either CMV-TAR-LUC / pGL3 Basic or CMV-Luciferase / pGL3 Basic along with PACT and Tat expression plasmids , and luciferase activity was assessed . As seen in Figure 3 A , co-transfection of PKR with CMV-TAR-LUC ( white bars ) or CMV-LUC ( black bars ) reduced luciferase activity as previously reported and in agreement with PKR 's effect on translation of plasmid-encoded transcripts [ 22 , 32 , 34 , 43 ] . Furthermore , co-transfection of Tat with PKR rescued the PKR-mediated reduction in luciferase activity only when TAR was present , indicating that Tat can relieve the translational block imposed by PKR on TAR-containing mRNAs . Surprisingly , PACT also counteracted TAR-induced PKR translational inhibition , whereas it maintained PKR-mediated translational inhibition of plasmid-derived luciferase mRNA in the absence of TAR , suggesting that the presence of TAR is required for both PACT and Tat 's inhibitory effect on PKR . In addition , when expressed together , PACT and Tat showed a further significant increase in luciferase expression with CMV-TAR-LUC , but not with CMV-LUC . These results indicate that PACT inhibits PKR activation on TAR-containing mRNAs , in contrast with its well-characterized PKR-activating function [ 27 , 28 , [ 55 ] [ 56 ] [ 57 ] . Furthermore , this PKR inhibitory activity of PACT can only occur in the presence of TAR-containing mRNA transcripts ( compare black bars with white bars ) and is significantly enhanced in the presence of Tat . These results suggest that during active production of HIV-1 viral proteins , PACT acts in concert with Tat and TAR RNA to counteract PKR-mediated inhibition of viral mRNA translation .

The translation of HIV-1 mRNAs is diminished by the TAR RNA secondary structure in their 5 0 - UTRs and also by TAR-mediated PKR activation [ 7 , 50 , 51 ] . This effect is partially compensated for by the cellular proteins TRBP and ADAR1 [ 22 , 43 , [ 52 ] [ 53 ] [ 54 ] as well as by the viral protein Tat [ 39 ] . However , Tat also acts as a potent transcriptional trans-activator for HIV-1 LTR-driven genes , and in order to specifically study Tat 's posttranscriptional effects , we used a system that is not affected at the transcriptional level by Tat . For this purpose , we designed an expression construct CMV-TAR-LUC , in which the TAR RNA was placed directly upstream of the firefly luciferase open reading frame expressed from a CMV promoter . A CMV-Luciferase expression construct ( CMV-LUC ) was designed as a control without TAR . By producing TAR-containing transcripts from the CMV promoter which is nonresponsive to Tat 's transcriptional trans-activation , we could specifically assess Tat 's post-transcriptional effects mediated by PKR activation .

In vitro translated , 35 S-labeled ADAR1 and flag epitope-tagged PACT and TRBP proteins were synthesized using the TNT T7-coupled reticulocyte system from Promega . A 5 ml aliquot of 35 S-labeled proteins was mixed in indicated combinations and incubated with 20 ml of anti-Flag mAb-agarose ( Sigma ) in 200 ml of immunoprecipitation ( IP ) buffer [ 20 mM Tris-HCl ( pH 7.5 ) , 150 mM ( or 300 mM ) NaCl , 1 mM DTT , 100 U / ml aprotinin , 0.2 mM PMSF , 20 % glycerol and 1 % Triton X-100 ] at room temperature for 30 min on a rotating wheel . The beads were washed in 500 ml of IP buffer four times and the washed beads were then boiled in Laemmli buffer [ 150 mM Tris-HCl ( pH 6.8 ) , 5 % SDS , 5 % 2 - mercaptoethanol and 20 % glycerol ] for 2 min and eluted proteins were analyzed by SDS-PAGE on a 12 % gel followed by phosphorimager analysis for quantification .

PKR kinase activity assay PKR activity assays were performed using an anti-PKR monoclonal antibody ( 71 / 10 , R & D systems ) . HeLa cells were maintained in DMEM containing 10 % fetal bovine serum . The cells were harvested when they were at 70 % confluence . Cells were washed in ice-cold PBS and collected by centrifugation at 600 g for 5 min . Cell extracts were prepared in lysis buffer [ 20 mM Tris-HCl ( pH 7.5 ) , 5 mM MgCl 2 , 50 mM KCl , 400 mM NaCl , 2 mM dithiothreitol ( DTT ) , 1 % Triton-X 100 , 100 U / ml aprotinin , 0.2 mM phenylmethylsulfonyl fluoride ( PMSF ) and 20 % glycerol ] . A 100 mg aliquot of total protein was immunoprecipitated using the anti-PKR monoclonal antibody ( 71 / 10 ) in high-salt buffer [ 20 mM Tris-HCl ( pH 7.5 ) , 50 mM KCl , 400 mM NaCl , 1 mM EDTA , 1 mM DTT , 1 % Triton-X 100 , 100 U / ml aprotinin , 0.2 mM PMSF and 20 % glycerol ] at 4 ° C for 30 min on a rotating wheel . A 20 ml aliquot of Protein-A agarose beads was then added and incubated for 1 h . The Protein-A agarose beads were washed four times in 500 ml of high-salt buffer and twice in activity buffer [ 20 mM Tris-HCl ( pH 7.5 ) , 50 mM KCl , 2 mM MgCl 2 , 2 mM MnCl 2 , 0.1 mM PMSF and 5 % glycerol ] . The PKR assay was performed with PKR still attached to the beads in activity buffer containing 0.1 mM ATP and 1 mCi of [ 3 32 P ] ATP at 30 ° C for 10 min . PKR was activated using synthesized TAR RNA ( IDT DNA Technologies ) , and the effect of PACT , Tat , ADAR1 and TRBP on TAR-activated PKR was assayed by the subsequent addition of increasing amounts of pure recombinant PACT or pure recombinant TRBP ( 4 , 40 , 400 pg and 4 ng ) in the presence of recombinant Tat and increasing amounts of recombinant ADAR1 ( 1.5 , 15 and 150 ng ) . Labeled proteins were analyzed by SDS-PAGE on a 12 % gel followed by autoradiography .

Cells infected with a virus employ a variety of mechanisms to counteract the negative impact of viral replication and promote cell survival [ 1 ] . The innate immune response to a viral infection is mediated by external and internal sensor molecules , which recognize the viral components as ' non-self ' and trigger mechanisms leading to the production of interferons ( IFNs ) [ 2 ] . IFNs are secreted antiviral cytokines that bind in a paracrine and autocrine manner to cellular receptors and trigger signaling cascades culminating in the expression of IFN-stimulated genes ( ISGs ) [ 3 ] . Most ISGs have antiviral functions , although some ISGs with both antiviral and proviral functions have been previously described [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] . Viral and cellular factors regulate ISGs to promote or limit viral replication , respectively , and this regulatory interplay between the virus and the host cell is crucial in determining the outcome of a viral infection . Retroviruses such as the human immunodeficiency virus type 1 ( HIV-1 ) produce viral factors that interact with various cellular proteins , including ISGs . As a result , the virus subverts their antiviral properties or co-opts them from their regular cellular activities to facilitate efficient viral replication within the infected host cell [ 7 , 8 ] .


Human noroviruses ( HuNoVs ) are a major cause of viral gastroenteritis , with an estimated 3 million cases per year in the United Kingdom . HuNoVs have recently been isolated from pet dogs in Europe ( M . Summa , C . - H . von Bonsdorff , and L . Maunula , J Clin Virol 53 : 244 â € " 247 , 2012 , http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.jcv.2011.12.014 ) , raising concerns about potential zoonotic infections . With 31 % of United Kingdom households owning a dog , this could prove to be an important transmission route . To examine this risk , canine tissues were studied for their ability to bind to HuNoV in vitro . In addition , canine stool samples were analyzed for the presence of viral nucleic acid , and canine serum samples were tested for the presence of anti-HuNoV antibodies . The results showed that seven different genotypes of HuNoV virus-like particles ( VLPs ) can bind to canine gastrointestinal tissue , suggesting that infection is at least theoretically possible . Although HuNoV RNA was not identified in stool samples from 248 dogs , serological evidence of previous exposure to HuNoV was obtained in 43 / 325 canine serum samples . Remarkably , canine seroprevalence for different HuNoV genotypes mirrored the seroprevalence in the human population . Though entry and replication within cells have not been demonstrated , the canine serological data indicate that dogs produce an immune response to HuNoV , implying productive infection . In conclusion , this study reveals zoonotic implications for HuNoV , and to elucidate the significance of this finding , further epidemiological and molecular investigations will be essential .

Integration of ( 5 ) with the initial conditions ( 4 ) yields :

The number of susceptible persons is S , infected - I , removed - R ; the infection and immunization rates are a and r respectively . Since To determine the initial conditions for the set of equations ( 1 - 3 ) , let us suppose that 0 ( ) 1

The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder , who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity .

The optimal values of parameters were calculated : means that these persons can couch the infection . Such situation needs additional analysis , in particular , with the use of more complicated models ( see , e.g. , [ 10 ] ) .

with ( see ( 9 ) ) . Then we can apply the linear regression ( see [ 9 ] ) for every pair of parameters N and n and the corresponding values of 0 t and a . The optimal ( the most reliable ) values of N and n correspond to the maximum value of the correlation coefficient r ( see [ 4 ] ) .

Thus , for every set of parameters N , n , a , 0 t and a fixed value of V the integral ( 10 ) can be calculated and the corresponding moment of time can be determined from ( 9 ) . Then I can be calculated from ( 6 ) by putting S = N-V and function R from R = V-I .

corresponding to the number of victims . The integration of corresponding equation :

In [ 4 ] the equations ( 1 - 3 ) were solved by introducing the function ( ) ( )

We calculated crude and adjusted age-specific incidence for HPIV-associated hospitalized respiratory illness . Denominators were mid-year population estimates from Thailand 's National Economic and Social Development Board . 16 Adjustments were made for enrollment by assuming that the proportion positive for HPIV and CXR-confirmed pneumonia was the same in enrolled and eligible nonenrolled patients . Similarly , for patients whose CXRs were not reviewed by the radiology panel , we assumed that the proportion with radiographic confirmation of pneumonia was the same as for patients whose CXRs were reviewed . We calculated confidence intervals for adjusted age-specific incidence rates using the 95 % confidence intervals of the proportion of HPIV-positive tests assuming a binomial distribution . We described seasonal patterns by calculating the proportion of enrolled patients with HPIV detection for each month . We performed all analyses using SPSS 17.0 ( SPSS Inc . , Chicago , IL , USA ) .

Prostate cancer is a malignant tumor that occurs in prostate tissue , which is the result of abnormal dysplasia of prostate acinar cells . In regions such as Europe and the United States , prostate cancer is the most common male malignancy ; the mortality rate has exceeded lung cancer . The incidence of prostate cancer has gradually increased with the arrival of China 's aging population and the extension of life and diet changes ( 1 ) . It is also known that prostate cancer-associated fatalities frequently occur in patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer . Although several novel drugs for castration-resistant prostate cancer have been approved , each of these has prolonged survival by just a few months . Therefore , novel treatments of prostate cancer are required to extend life expectancy even further .


There was a clear , increasing trend in IV coverage in the elderly population ( p < 0.001 ) . Coverage increased from 31.3 % in 1998 / 99 to 48.3 % in 2010 / 11 . After 2006 / 07 , however , IV coverage in the elderly has remained near 50 % , which suggests that there has been a slowdown in the growth trend . Thus , in 2010 , the 75 % WHO target in this major risk group had not been met . This result indicates that there is a need to improve the influenza vaccination strategy in Portugal to comply with the ambitious coverage goals proposed by WHO .

Recall bias may occur when individual recall of information is used to obtain data . However , individuals were vaccinated some months before each survey and this time differed from survey to survey . Additionally , only one individual ( > 18 years ) per household answered questions about vaccination status of household members .

Continued annual monitoring is needed to determine the effects of vaccine supply , changes in influenza vaccination recommendations , changes in groups targeted for vaccination , and other factors , on vaccination coverage among adults and children [ 4 ] . Vaccine coverage rates constitute the basic measure for evaluation of public health programs designed to improve vaccination uptake and for estimation of how the vaccination program affects the rate of disease .

Although the 12.9 % coverage in children was not the highest of all the seasons was still an important increase . Risk perception regarding flu in children may have increased during the 2009 / 10 season , and pandemic awareness and special recommendations for children to be vaccinated during the pandemic could have affected seasonal vaccine uptake in Portugal in the 2009 / 10 season in this group .

In 2009 / 2010 , the declaration of a worldwide influenza pandemic by WHO focused the attention of the media on influenza . Health ministries worldwide , including in Portugal , issued broad guidance to health services that was also reported by the media .

During the 2009 / 10 season , the influenza pandemic led to reinforcement of influenza vaccination recommendations in European countries , including Portugal . The pandemic also led to renewed interest in influenza vaccination surveillance .

In Europe , estimates for IV coverage in the elderly indicate that some countries failed to meet the target of 50 % coverage in 2006 . Portugal was not one of these countries [ 25 ] . However , other countries achieved the 75 % coverage target for 2010 . These countries were England , Scotland , Wales ( 79 % in the 2005 / 06 season ) [ 25 ] , and The Netherlands ( 74 % CI 95 % : 71 % -77 % in 2001 / 02 ) [ 26 ] . A recent study of 11 European countries ( 2006 / 07 season ) found that Spain , with 71 % coverage , was close to meeting the goal [ 27 ] . This study also estimated that there was 53 % IV coverage in Portugal for individuals e65 years , which is consistent with the estimate obtained in our study ( 50.4 % , CI 95 % : 44.8 % -55 , 9 % ) . Compared with the other 10 countries included in the study ( United Kingdom , Germany , Italy , France , Spain , Austria , Czech Republic , Ireland , Finland , and Poland ) , IV coverage in the elderly ( e 65 years ) in Portugal was sixth , but was similar to the overall estimate for all countries ( 53.2 % ) .

As expected , the highest IV coverage was observed in individuals > 65 years old . Between 1998 / 99 and 2010 / 11 , there was a gradual and significant increase in seasonal IV coverage in the elderly ( p for trend < 0.001 ) .

Over all the studied seasons , there were no statistically significant differences in IV coverage between women and men . However , IV coverage was higher for women than for men in 11 of the 12 seasons ( Table 4 ) . The difference between women and men was marginally significant for the 2003 / 04 ( p = 0.058 ) and the 2010 / 11 ( p = 0.056 ) seasons . Differences in IV coverage by age group occurred in all seasons ( Table 4 , Figure 2 ) . In the younger age group ( < 15 years ) , a declining trend ( with small fluctuations ) was present from 1999 / 00 to 2008 / 09 ( p = 0.005 ) . This trend reversed in 2009 / 10 , with one of the highest seasonal IV coverages for this age group ( 12.9 % , CI 95 % : 9.3 % -17.6 % ) .

Between 1998 / 99 and 2010 / 11 , IV coverage in the Portuguese general population ( Table 3 , Figure 1 ) There was no trend in IV coverage of the general population during the study period ( p = 0.097 ) .

The ECOS panel consisted of a random sample of Portuguese families with a landline telephone and of families with landline and mobile phone since the 2009 / 10 sample ( dual sample frame ) . The sample was stratified and was evenly distributed to represent the five health regions of the country . Landline phone households were selected by simple random selection from the national telephone directory . Mobile phone households were selected by random digit generation . All households received a letter from INSA with an invitation to participate in the ECOS panel and provide informed consent . Telephone contact was then used to formalize participation and record each household member 's demographic data . The households included in each panel were renewed approximately every 3 years . The ECOS panel of families was approved by the Portuguese Data Protection Authority , which is in charge of ethical issues and protection of individual data collection in Portugal .

This article describes national trends in seasonal IV coverage in Portugal from 1998 and 2010 in the general population and in age groups presents an analysis of progress towards WHO 2010 coverage goals . It also addresses the effects of the major pandemic threats ( SARS in 2003 , influenza A ( H5N1 ) in 2005 , and the influenza A ( H1N1 ) 2009 pandemic ) on vaccination trends for the last 12 years .

The public health burden of annual influenza epidemics represents ongoing vulnerability to pandemic influenza and highlights gaps in bioterrorism preparedness and response efforts [ 1 , 2 ] . The recent emergence of the pandemic influenza A ( H1N1 ) 2009 virus is a good example of how influenza can impact health systems around the world [ 3 ] .

Background : Vaccination is the key measure available for prevention of the public health burden of annual influenza epidemics . This article describes national trends in seasonal influenza vaccine ( IV ) coverage in Portugal from 1998 / 99 to 2010 / 11 , analyzes progress towards meeting WHO 2010 coverage goals , and addresses the effect of major public health threats of the last 12 years ( SARS in 2003 / 04 , influenza A ( H5N1 ) in 2005 / 06 , and the influenza A ( H1N1 ) 2009 pandemic ) on vaccination trends . Methods : The National Institute of Health surveyed ( 12 times ) a random sample of Portuguese families . IV coverage was estimated and was adjusted for age distribution and country region . Independence of age and sex coverage distribution was tested using a modified F-statistic with a 5 % significance level . The effect of SARS , A ( H5N1 ) , and the A ( H1N1 ) 2009 pandemic was tested using a meta-regression model . The model was adjusted for IV coverage in the general population and in the age groups . / nResults : Between 1998 / 99 and 2010 / 11 IV , coverage in the general population varied between 14.2 % ( CI 95 % : 11.6 % -16.8 % ) and 17.5 % ( CI 95 % : 17.6 % -21.6 % ) . There was no trend in coverage ( p = 0.097 ) . In the younger age group ( < 15 years ) a declining trend was identified until 2008 / 09 ( p = 0.005 ) . This trend reversed in 2009 / 10 . There was also a gradual and significant increase in seasonal IV coverage in the elderly ( p for trend < 0.001 ) . After 2006 / 07 , IV coverage remained near 50 % . Adjusting for baseline trends , there was significantly higher coverage in the general population in 2003 / 04 ( p = 0.032 ) and 2005 / 06 ( p = 0.018 ) . The high coverage observed in the < 15 - year age group in season 2009 / 10 was also significant ( p = 0.015 ) . Conclusions : IV coverage in the elderly population displayed an increasing trend , but the 75 % WHO 2010 target was not met . This result indicates that influenza vaccination strategy should be improved to meet the ambitious WHO coverage goals . The major pandemic threats of the past decade had a modest but significant effect on seasonal influenza vaccination . There was an increase in vaccine uptake proportion in the general population in 2003 / 04 and in 2005 / 06 , and in individuals < 15 years old in 2009 / 10 .


In the last two years , several approaches based on the use of infectious RNA transcripts from full-length ZIKV cDNAs have been developed to overcome the toxicity problems associated with several sequences of ZIKV genome when amplified in bacteria . Those methods involve the use of low-copy number plasmids [ 46 ] [ 47 ] [ 48 ] [ 49 ] [ 50 ] [ 51 ] , the incorporation of an intron in the genome to disrupt toxic regions [ 42 ] , in vitro ligation of cDNA fragments [ 52 , 53 ] and Gibson assembly [ 54 , 55 ] , amount others .

The development of ZIKV reverse genetic systems has provided researchers with powerful methods to study multiple aspects of the biology and pathogenesis of ZIKV in vitro and in vivo . For instance , the ability to manipulate the genome of ZIKV to generate recombinant viruses with specific mutations have allowed investigators to gain a detailed understanding of the ZIKV-host interactions and associated disease [ 49 , 56 , 57 ] . Moreover , reverse genetic approaches have been essential to develop novel and more effective strategies to prevent and control ZIKV infections [ 117 ] [ 118 ] [ 119 ] . Likewise , generation of ZIKV replicons or replicating-competent rZIKV expressing reporter genes represent and excellent approach for the identification of compounds with anti-viral activity for the treatment of ZIKV infection [ 45 , 46 , 101 , 105 ] . In this review , we have discussed the three major strategies that have been reporter for the generation of rZIKVs : i ) generation of infectious RNA transcripts from a full-length cDNA copy ; ii ) full-length infectious genomic cDNA clones ; and , iii ) Infectious Subgenomic Amplicons ( ISA ) ( Figure 2 and Table 1 ) . Like other flavivirus , ZIKV cDNA sequences in bacterial has been hindered by the presence of cryptic bacterial promoter in the viral genome . To overcome the problems associated with the instability of ZIKV cDNA clones , several approaches based on the use of low-copy number plasmids , BACs , intron-insertion , in vitro ligation of cDNA fragments and in vitro assembly by Gibson method or by CPEC have been used . Although all those approaches have their advantages and disadvantages ( Table 2 ) , they have been not compared side by side . Therefore , it can not be possible to determine which systems are better for the genetic stability and successful generation of rZIKV . Moreover , successful rescue of rZIKVs could strongly dependent of several biological factors such as the viral strain selected and technical factors such as transfection methods . Finally , the generation of rZIKVs expressing reporter genes , together with the development of ZIKV replicons , constitute important tools for the identification of antiviral drugs against this important human pathogen that are compatible with the use of high throughput screenings settings . However , to date , there are some concerns regarding the stability of currently available reporter-expressing rZIKVs , which will require and guarantee further investigation .

The development of ZIKV reverse genetic systems has provided researchers with powerful methods to study multiple aspects of the biology and pathogenesis of ZIKV in vitro and in vivo . For Figure 5 . Reporter gene-expressing rZIKVs . ( A ) Schematic diagram of a Rluc-expressing ZIKV cDNA clone : A full-length cDNA clone expressing the Rluc reporter gene ( white box ) was constructed by Shan et al . [ 46 ] . Rluc was introduced downstream of the first 25 amino acids of the C protein ( C 25 , dark gray ) followed by the FMDV 2 A protease sequence ( yellow box ) fused in-frame with the viral ORF . Silent mutations changing the flavivirus-cyclization sequence were introduced in the full-length C protein ( mut CS ) . ( B ) Schematic representation of a full-length ZIKV cDNA expressing Rluc or FP635 : Full-length cDNA clones expressing Rluc ( white box ) or FP635 ( red box ) were generated by Münters et al . [ 50 ] . Reporter genes were introduced downstream the first 34 amino acid of the C protein ( C 34 , dark gray ) followed by the FMDV 2 A protease sequence in-frame with the viral downstream proteins . ( C ) Schematic diagram of a GFP-expressing ZIKV generated by ISA : A ZIKV cDNA clone expressing GFP was constructed by Gadea et al . [ 45 ] using the ISA approach . The GFP was introduced downstream of the first 33 amino acid of the C protein ( C 33 , dark gray ) followed by the FMDV 2 A protease sequence in-frame with the viral ORF . ( D ) Representation of full-length ZIKV cDNAs expressing luciferase and fluorescent proteins : Full-length ZIKV cDNA clones expressing NanoLuc , FfLuc , RSLuc ( white boxes ) , GFP ( green box ) or mCherry ( red box ) were constructed by Mutso et al . [ 48 ] . Reporter genes were individually introduced downstream of the complete C protein followed by the FMDV 2 A protease sequence fused in-frame with the downstream viral ORF . The codon sequence of the downstream copy of the viral C protein was altered to reduce potential recombination ( dotted gray ) . T7 and SP6 : prokaryotic T7 or SP6 promoters . CMV : cytomegalovirus promoter . HDVr : Hepatitis delta virus ribozyme sequence . pA : simian virus 40 late polyadenylation signal .

The development of reverse genetic approaches has provided investigators with the possibility of generating replication-competent viruses expressing fluorescent or luminescent reporter genes [ 106 ] . The stable incorporation of foreign reporter genes in viruses have allowed the effective tracking of viral infection in vitro and in vivo without the need of laborious secondary approaches to identify the presence of the virus [ 43 , 44 , 106 ] . Moreover , recombinant reporter-expressing viruses have the advantage that they can be used in high throughput screenings assays for multiple applications , including the identification of compounds with antiviral activity [ 107 , 108 ] , host factor involved in viral infection [ 109 , 110 ] and the presence of neutralizing antibodies [ 111 ] [ 112 ] [ 113 ] [ 114 ] , among others . To date , several rZIKVs expressing reporter genes have been described [ 45 , 46 , 48 , 50 ] . In all cases , independently of the reverse genetic approach used to generate the reporter gene expressing rZIKV , a similar strategy was used , consisting in the introduction of the reporter genes followed by the FMDV 2 A protease sequence upstream of the viral open reading frame . In addition , a copy of the C protein or part of the its N-terminal region that contains the flavivirus-conserved cyclization sequence [ 102 , 103 ] was introduced upstream of the reporter gene to allow successful viral replication ( Figure 5 ) .

The development of reverse genetic approaches has provided investigators with the possibility of generating replication-competent viruses expressing fluorescent or luminescent reporter genes [ 106 ] . The stable incorporation of foreign reporter genes in viruses have allowed the effective tracking of viral infection in vitro and in vivo without the need of laborious secondary approaches to identify the presence of the virus [ 43 , 44 , 106 ] . Moreover , recombinant reporter-expressing viruses have the advantage that they can be used in high throughput screenings assays for multiple applications , including the identification of compounds with antiviral activity [ 107 , 108 ] , host factor involved in viral infection [ 109 , 110 ] and the presence of neutralizing antibodies [ 111 ] [ 112 ] [ 113 ] [ 114 ] , among others . To date , several rZIKVs expressing reporter genes have been described [ 45 , 46 , 48 , 50 ] . In all cases ,

An alternative strategy was performed by Li et al . in 2017 [ 105 ] ( Figure 4 C ) . Authors generated a bicistronic ZIKV replicon of SZ-WIV001 strain [ 81 ] , in which the selection gene puromycin N-acetyl-transferase ( PAC ) and the reporter Rluc were separated by a FMDV 2 A protease sequence ( Figure 4 C ) . In this case , the PAC-2A-Rluc construct was followed by a second 2 A protease sequence and the cassette was introduced , in frame , between the C 38 and the E 30 sequences ( C 38 - PAC-2A-Rluc-2A-E 30 ) ( Figure 4 C ) . Murine BHK-21 stable cell lines constitutively expressing the viral replicon were produced after transfection of the ZIKV RNA replicon produced in vitro ( T7 ) and selection with puromycin . In addition , the replicon was stably maintained in BHK-21 cells during multiple passages . Importantly , authors were able to adapt this technology to evaluate ZIKV inhibitors using a high throughput screening assay .

Subgenomic replicons systems are powerful tools to study viral replication in the absence of virus entry or virion assembly , since they contain all the elements needed to produce effective viral replication in susceptive host cells but lack one or multiple viral structural genes [ 36 , 72 , [ 93 ] [ 94 ] [ 95 ] . Due to the lack of viral structural genes , these replicon systems are non-infectious , allowing the study of viral replication without biosafety concerns associated with the work of infectious viruses [ 85 , 96 ] . Thus , replicons represent a safe tool to study , among others , viral replication , transcription or the subcellular localization of the viral replication complexes . Moreover , replicons systems have been used for the identification of compounds with antiviral activity or host factors involved in viral replication using high-throughput screening settings [ 97 ] [ 98 ] [ 99 ] [ 100 ] .

The first ZIKV replicon was described by Xie et al . in 2016 [ 101 ] ( Figure 4 A ) . The replicon was constructed using the infectious cDNA clone of ZIKV FSS13025 strain by replacing the viral structural genes with the Renilla luciferase ( Rluc ) reporter gene , followed by the foot-and-mouse disease virus ( FMDV ) 2 A protease sequence to allow the cleavage of Rluc from the viral polyprotein . Importantly , the Rluc-2A cassette was flanked by the first 38 amino acids of the viral C protein ( C38 ) that contain the flavivirus-conserved cyclization sequence required for viral RNA replication [ 102 , 103 ] and the last 30 amino acids of E protein ( E30 ) fused in-frame with the downstream NS1 protein ( Figure 4 A ) . The E30 region was maintained to ensure proper translocation of the NS1 protein into the lumen of the ER [ 103 ] . To evaluate viral replication , in vitro RNA transcripts synthesized by the T7 RNA polymerase were electroporated into Huh-7 cells and Rluc signal was evaluated . As a proof of

Subgenomic replicons systems are powerful tools to study viral replication in the absence of virus entry or virion assembly , since they contain all the elements needed to produce effective viral replication in susceptive host cells but lack one or multiple viral structural genes [ 36 , 72 , [ 93 ] [ 94 ] [ 95 ] . Due to the lack of viral structural genes , these replicon systems are non-infectious , allowing the study of viral replication without biosafety concerns associated with the work of infectious viruses [ 85 , 96 ] . Thus , replicons represent a safe tool to study , among others , viral replication , transcription or the subcellular localization of the viral replication complexes . Moreover , replicons systems have been used for the identification of compounds with antiviral activity or host factors involved in viral replication using high-throughput screening settings [ 97 ] [ 98 ] [ 99 ] [ 100 ] .

Likewise , Mutso et al . [ 48 ] in 2017 used a similar strategy to construct an infectious full-length cDNA clone based on the Brazilian ZIKV strain BeH81915 . To that end , four DNA fragments spanning the entire viral genome were assembled into the BAC plasmid pCC1-BAC . In this case , the second intron of the human beta globin gen was introduced in the capsid region to increase the stability of the cDNA clone .

As an alternative to bypass the inherent problem associated with the toxicity of ZIKV cDNA genomes during the propagation in bacteria , Setoh et al . in 2017 used a CPEC reaction approach [ 83 ] to construct a full-length infectious cDNA clone of the Brazilian ZIKV strain Rio Grande do Natal ( RGN ) [ 59 ] . The approach is based on the assembling of multiple cDNA fragments in the right order using a polymerase extension mechanism ( Table 2 ) . Briefly , eight overlapping cDNA fragments covering the entire viral genome flanked by the CMV promoter ( 5 end ) and HDVr and pA signal ( 3 end ) , were mixed and subjected to a CPEC reaction using the Q5 high fidelity DNA polymerase . During the denaturalization step associated with the PCR reaction , the overlapping ends of contiguous cDNA anneal to each other and the PCR reaction generates a circular end product . The CPEC products were then used to directly transfect Vero cells without any additional manipulations , allowing the rescue of the rZIKV . The rZIKV-RGN was able to replicate in Vero , human A459 and mosquito C6 / 36 cells . Due to the absence of an RGN natural isolated , the author compared the replication of the rZIKV-RGN with the Asian strain ZIKV MR766 , showing that rZIKV-RGN replicated less efficiently than ZIKV MR766 . Moreover , ZIKV-RGN was detected in serum of infected IFNAR  /  A129 mice after 4 -5 days , however the infection was asymptomatic with 100 % of survival . In contrast , ZIKV-RGN infection of pregnant IFNAR  /  A129 dams showed severe fetal disorder .

Gibson assembly is a molecular cloning method which allows the assembly of multiple overlapping DNA molecules in one reaction using a 5 exonuclease , a DNA polymerase and a DNA ligase [ 82 ] . Like the in vitro ligation method described above , the entire viral genome is generated and maintained in multiples overlapping fragments to disrupt the toxic regions present in the viral genome ( Table 2 ) [ 82 ] . Following this approach , in 2017 , Weger-Lucarelli et al . developed a reverse genetic system for the ZIKV PRVABC59 strain [ 54 ] . In this manuscript , the viral genome of PRVABC59 was cloned in two separated pieces into the pACYC177 vector to disrupt the unstable NS1 region . To that end , the authors generated one vector with the T7 polymerase promoter sequence followed by the first third of the ZIKV genome . A second pACYC177 vector with the rest of the viral genome followed by the HDVr sequence was also generated . Both pACYC177 plasmids were engineered containing overlapping regions with unique restriction sites to allow reassemble of the viral genome . The full-length cDNA of ZIKV PRVABC59 was then generated by digestion and ligation using the Gibson assembly method . The resulting assembled product was then transcribed into RNA using the phage T7 polymerase and the product was transfected in Vero cells for the successful rescue of rZIKV PRVABC59 . Like in the in vitro ligation approach described above , this method avoids the need to use a bacterial host for the propagation of the cDNA after the final assembly ( Table 2 ) . Importantly , the rZIKV PRVABC59 was able to replicate at similar levels to the natural virus isolate in both mammalian ( Vero cells , BHK-21 cells , Huh7 human hepatoma cell line , JAR human placental cell line , amount others ) or mosquito ( C6 / 36 or Aag2 ) cells . Moreover , the levels of transmission in mosquitos and pathogenesis in type I and type III interferon deficient AG129 mice were also comparable between the genetically engineered and the natural ZIKVs isolates .

A common strategy to overcome the instability associated with the construction of full-length cDNA clones of some flaviviruses has been the transfection of infectious vRNA transcripts from a full-length cDNA template , which is produced by in vitro ligation [ 79 ] . This method involved the partition of the viral genome in multiples fragments flanked by natural or engineered specific restriction sites that allows the systematic and precise assembly of a full-length cDNA by in vitro ligation . Following this method , Widman et al . [ 52 ] described in 2017 the successfully rescue of representative strains of ZIKV from the African ( MR766 ) and Asian ( H / PF / 2013 ) lineages . In addition , they were able to rescue two rZIKV from two strains ( SPH2015 and BEH819015 ) isolated in Brazil [ 52 ] . Authors generated a quadripartite system to disrupt the toxic ZIKV genomic regions by cloning the genome in four stable plasmids . Furthermore , natural nonpalindromic restriction endonuclease sites located near of toxic regions [ 52 , 80 ] were used to allow the directional ligation of the digested subgenomic fragments to generate a full-length cDNA clone . The resulting assembled product was then transcribed into RNA in vitro using the T7 polymerase . This method avoids the use of a bacterial host for the propagation of the full-length cDNA and therefore overcome the problems associated with cDNA instability ( Table 2 ) . Importantly , rZIKVs generated using this approach replicate in cultured cells similarly than their parental viral isolates . Moreover , rZIKVs were virulent in type I and type III interferon deficient AG129 mice , although slightly attenuated compared to their natural viral isolates [ 52 ] .

The introduction of short eukaryotic introns in the viral genome to disrupt toxic regions has been previously described to stabilize flavivirus cDNA clones [ 73 ] . Following this strategy , a full length cDNA clone of ZIKV GZ01 , a virus strain isolated from a patient in China [ 74 ] , was successful assembled by Liu Z-Y et al . [ 42 ] in 2017 to successfully rescue a rZIKV . Authors introduced a modified version of the group II self-splicing P . li . LSUI2 intron [ 75 , 76 ] between the E and NS1 ZIKV coding regions to disrupt the toxic regions located in that region of the viral genome . The intronic sequences generally contain multiple stop codons , which interrupt the translation of the gene in bacteria ( Table 2 ) . The P . li . LSUI2 intron , from the brown alga Pylaiella littoralis [ 77 ] , was shown to have the ability to carry out efficient self-splicing under in vitro conditions [ 75 ] . Thus , authors used this P . li . LSUI2 intron to produce vRNA transcripts with an intact ZIKV sequence . To construct the full-length cDNA clone , four RT-PCR fragments covering the entire full-length ZIKV genome were assembled under the control of the SP6 promoter in the low-copy plasmid pACNR1180 [ 78 ] . The intron sequence was chemically synthesized and cloned into the first fragment using overlapping PCR . Importantly , the intron-encoded protein sequence , required for self-splicing , was removed to prevent the splicing of the ZIKV cDNA in bacteria cells . In addition , the exon binding sequences of the inserted intron were modified to recognize the flanking ZIKV sequences in order to ensure the correct splicing . Using this approach , a rZIKV GZ01 was successfully recovered after the transfection of the in vitro-spliced RNA in BHK-21 cells ( baby hamster kidney cell line ) . The recovered rZIKV GZ01 and the parental virus had similar grown kinetics and plaque morphology in vitro in both mammalian BHK-21 and mosquito C6 / 36 cells . Moreover , both viruses caused similar levels of neurovirulence in neonatal BALB / c mice , demonstrating that this approach can be a feasible option for rescue rZIKV [ 42 ] .

Recently , Zhao et al . in 2018 [ 51 ] also described the stabilization of a full-length cDNA clone from a ZIKV Brazilian isolated ( SPH2015 ) by introducing silent mutations into the ZIKV genome to eliminate the activity of CEPs . However , one potential problem in this approach is that the introduction of multiple silent mutations can disrupt the viral RNA structure and affect viral replication and transcription , affecting the successful rescue or the phenotype of the recovered virus in cultured cells or in vivo ( Table 2 ) .

Autophagy plays a pivotal role as a quality control mechanism and in regulating infections and coordinating the cellular response to a pathogen attack . Induction of autophagy was previously shown to enhance HSV-1 viral clearance and diminish viral growth 23 , 39 . HSV-1 establishes virulence through inhibiting cellular autophagy 22 , 23 , or at least preventing its activation 29 , during infection . In this study , we show that HSV-2 prevents autophagy induction but maintains the basal levels of the pathway ( Fig . 1 ) . Although reports suggested that HSV-1 may inhibit autophagy via ICP34 . 5 - mediated beclin1 binding while HSV-2 ICP34 . 5 was not tested for its ability to bind beclin1 , our results may suggest that HSV-2 ICP34 . 5 also binds beclin1 to a certain extent ; however this hypothesis remains to be experimentally investigated . Notably , a closely related ± - herpesvirus , varicella-zoster virus ( VZV ) , which lacks the ICP34 . 5 gene can allow robust induction of autophagy responses to infection 40 , 41 . Moreover , in similarity to HSV-2 results shown here , autophagy suppression downregulated VZV virus replication and growth in cells 40 . Thus , these findings together suggest that these different viruses may benefit from the autophagy pathway to varying extents and perhaps the viral autophagy-modulating genes serve to optimize or fine-tune the autophagy flux to levels that bolster each virus 's growth , according to the differential reliance of each virus on autophagy . The present study provides insights that may support this concept which requires further work to be firmly established .

Having observed low infection of cells deficient in autophagy , we sought to confirm quantitatively the effect of autophagy deficiency on viral levels in infected cells . We thus utilized various quantitative assays of infection : FACS assay , qPCR viral genome quantification and virus titer determination by plaque assay . Compared to WT cells , ATG5  /  cells showed significantly lower viral yields and seemed highly resistant to infection ( Fig . 5 a , b ) . Even at higher MOIs , ATG5  /  MEFs still showed significant block of infection ( Fig . 5 a , b ) . qPCR assay also showed that ATG5 knockout in cells dramatically diminishes the infection ( Fig . 5 c ) . Finally , we determined virus titer from WT or ATG5  /  cells using plaque assay . While WT cells secreted approximately 10 2 -10 3 plaque-forming units ( PFU ) / monolayer , ATG5  /  cells secreted approximately 10 6 -10 7 PFU / monolayer ( Fig . 5 d ) . Additionally , in order to rule out the possibility that autophagy deficiency may interfere with virus entry into cells , we assessed internalized virus levels in WT or ATG5  /  cells . We found that autophagy deficiency does not affect virus entry into the cells ( Fig . 5e ) . Together , our results indicate that basal autophagic activity of the host cells supports HSV-2 infection , which is consistent with results of pharmacological autophagy inhibition ( Fig . 2 ) .

Then we infected WT or ATG5  /  MEFs with HSV-2-GFP at various multiplicities of infection ( MOIs ) and assessed the infection with fluorescence microscopy . We found that while WT MEFs showed signs of robust HSV-2 infection , including viral gene expression , viral spread , and syncytia formation ( Fig . 4 a ) , ATG5  /  cells showed extremely reduced infection signs at all the MOIs tested ( Fig . 4 b ) . These findings suggested that autophagy deficiency interferes with HSV-2 infection .

We treated human corneal epithelial ( HCE ) cells , known to be targeted by both HSV-1 and HSV-2 in vivo and in vitro 9,10 , with BFN . We then confirmed BFN-mediated suppression of autophagy through p62 and LC3 immunoblotting . Suppression of basal autophagy by BFN was confirmed by the accumulation of p62 along with LC3-II ( Fig . 2 a ) . To rule out any possible effects of BFN on viral entry , we incubated the cells with HSV-2 for 2 hrs , and the cells were then untreated or treated with BFN . Using HSV-2-GFP virus , we monitored the progress of infection microscopically . We observed a significant drop in virus levels in BFN-treated , relative to mock-treated , cells ( Fig . 2 b , c ) . To confirm this finding , we employed a quantitative FACS-based assay to measure virus yields in cells . We found that BFN-mediated block of autophagy suppressed viral yields and HSV-2 infection ( Fig . 2 d , e ) . To further confirm , we determined virus levels in the cells via qPCR virus genome quantification . qPCR assay confirmed that BFN treatment significantly reduces HSV-2 infection ( Fig . 2 f ) . Moreover , the possibility of cell death upon BFN treatment was ruled out ( Fig . 2 g ) . These results demonstrated that suppression of basal autophagy in host cells interferes with viral replication and the progress of infection .

Confocal fluorescence microscopy . To monitor LC3-GFP punctae , confocal microscopy ( Zeiss 710 microscope , Zeiss ) was used . After treatment , the cells were washed , fixed in paraformaldehyde , and used in imaging . Image acquisition was performed using ZEN software ( Zeiss ) , and image analysis was performed using MetaMorph software ( Zeiss ) .

Cell pellets were re-suspended in buffer containing 1 % SDS , 50 mM Tris ( pH 7.5 ) , and 10 mM EDTA , and the cell extract was incubated with proteinase K ( 50 1 ⁄ 4 g / mL ) at 37 ° C for 1 hr . DNA was then extracted by phenol / chloroform extraction-ethanol precipitation procedure . Viral DNA was quantified via quantitative PCR ( qPCR ) on an ABI 7500 Fast thermocycler ( Applied Biosystems ) , using HSV-specific primers ( Forward 52 - TAC AAC CTG ACC ATC GCT TG-32 , Reverse 52 - GCC CCC AGA GAC TTG TTG TA-32 ) which amplify the glycoprotein D ( gD ) gene of HSV-2 .

Diffuse alveolar damage ( DAD ) is a typical pathological finding in cases of acute interstitial pneumonia ( AIP ) . However , DAD is caused by various such as infection , transplantation surgery , medication , acute respiratory distress syndrome ( ARDS ) that develops after radiation treatment , acute exacerbation of idiopathic interstitial pneumonia ( AEIIP ) , acute exacerbation of allergic alveolitis , and viral lung infections ( e.g. , severe acute respiratory syndrome , H1N1 influenza A ) 1 , 2 . From a clinical aspect , AIP and AEIIP are most commonly diagnosed , but the etiology of these disease remains unclear .

At each visit , we obtained nasal scrapings ( Rhino-Probe " , Arlington Scientific , Inc . , Springville , UT , USA ) from the lower turbinates ( right side on visit one , left at visit two , both sides at baseline visit ) after two nasal lavages ( 10 mL saline each ) to remove overlying mucus . We also measured at each visit exhaled nitric oxide ( eNO ) and forced expiratory flow in 1 second ( FEV1 ) by performing spirometry . At the BL visit , participants underwent a methacholine test to assess airway hyperreactivity and an allergy skin test to determine if they were atopic [ 23 ] . Participants were instructed to complete diaries to record severity of common cold and chest ( asthma ) symptoms and peak expiratory flow rate ( PEF , using a MiniWright meter , KW-Med Inc . , USA ) twice a day as previously described [ 24 ] . Virus identification in nasal lavage from visit one was performed using PCRbased techniques as previously outlined [ 25 ] . We used Friedman repeated-measures rank test to analyze changes across all three time points and Mann Whitney U-test for comparisons between groups . Correlations were analyzed using Spearman 's rank correlation .

Participants with a history of asthma , hay fever or no underlying airway disease were recruited for the study via community advertisements . Upon the onset of ARI or ' common cold ' symptoms , recruited participants were instructed to attend the first of three required visits to the study clinic . The first and second visits were designed to obtain samples and clinical data during the peak and reduction / resolution stages of symptomatic illness , whereas the third visit would occur when volunteers were asymptomatic and serve as a prospective baseline ( BL ) for the study . The study population represented attended the first , second and third clinic visits on average 2 days ( D2 ; range 0 to 5 days ) , 6 days ( D6 ; range 4 to 8 days ) and 89 days ( range 29 to 297 days ) after the onset of ARI symptoms .

To address the deficiencies in our understanding of the molecular events that characterize ARI and ARIinduced asthma exacerbations , we undertook a transcriptional profiling study of the nasal mucosa over the course of ARI in individuals with asthma , allergic rhinitis and no underlying respiratory disease . We report that ARI is characterized by dynamic , time-specific transcriptional profiles whose magnitudes of expression are influenced by underlying respiratory disease and the mucosal repair signature evoked during ARI . Most strikingly , people with asthma who experience ARI-induced exacerbations are characterized by a reduced but prolonged inflammatory immune response , inadequate activation of mucosal repair , and the expression of a newly described exacerbation-specific transcriptional signature .

By determining the transcriptional profiles characterizing the peak to resolution of ARI symptoms amongst asthmatic and allergic non-asthmatic individuals and otherwise healthy controls , we have revealed that the presence of asthma exacerbation has a dramatic influence on the molecular events that characterize ARI . Our study indicates that people with asthma who experienced ARI-induced exacerbation are characterized by a reduced but prolonged inflammatory immune response , inadequate activation of mucosal repair mechanisms and , most strikingly , a distinct set of genes constituting an exacerbation-specific transcriptional signature . Although the absence of corresponding cellular composition data of the nasal mucosa ( for example , via flow cytometry ) and the focus exclusively on the upper airways may have been limitations of our study , these findings represent a significant contribution towards clarifying the complex molecular interactions that characterize ARI-induced asthma exacerbations .

The third and final stage of ARI reflects the residual activity of the inflammatory immune response and the return towards an asymptomatic baseline ( Figure 7 ) . Defined by the positive expression of a small core of proinflammatory genes , the resolution stage of ARI was exceptional in that the absence of underlying respiratory disease was found to be the most distinctive feature . Findings from our study revealed that otherwise healthy individuals were characterized by an expression pattern consistent with a reduced proinflammatory immune response and continued mucosal repair , reflecting a quicker resolution of ARI in the absence of underlying respiratory disease ( Figure 6 C - E ) .

The reduction stage represents a unique period of ARI where symptoms are present but in decline ( Figure 1 B ) . It is this stage in which the difference between asthmatics experiencing an exacerbation and other individuals with ARI is most evident ( Figure 7 ) . The reduction stage of ARI is defined by transcriptional profiles and expression patterns corresponding to two distinct biological processes ; the modulation of the inflammatory immune response ( Figure 3 ) and the activation of mucosal repair mechanisms ( Figure 4 ) .

The most prominent finding from the peak stage of ARI was that asthmatics with exacerbation exhibited an expression pattern consistent with reduced activation of the inflammatory immune response ( Figure 2 D ) . Although our findings bolster previous reports of deficient innate antiviral and other immune responses in asthmatics , particularly during episodes of exacerbation [ 20 , [ 34 ] [ 35 ] [ 36 ] , the expression patterns identified could have also reflected the use of asthma medications or the absence of detectable virus infection during exacerbation ( Table 1 and Figure S4B in Additional file 1 ) . However , we observed little effect of asthma medications on inflammatory gene expression and no reduction in ARI symptoms or eNO levels within the Asm Ex group ( Figures 1 B and 2E ) , suggesting that either the presence of inflammatory cell infiltration ( Table S2 in Additional file 3 ) or other non-immune processes within the airway mucosa were driving ARI symptoms and the development of exacerbation .

Acute respiratory illness-associated profiles of day 2

Total RNA from participants with three ( that is , BL , D2 and D6 ) or two ( that is , either combination of BL , D2 or D6 ) matched samples were selected for quantitative realtime PCR analysis . Missing samples were due to either participant failing to attend one of the three clinic visits or sample RNA quantity being minimal . Genes were selected for expression confirmation based on PC1 loadings . Depending on the stage of ARI analyzed , the highest ranked ( peak , D2 of reduction and resolution ) or lowest ( D6 of reduction ) genes were selected . Gene expression in each sample was normalized to glyceraldehyde-3phosphate dehydrogenase and peptidylprolyl isomerase A as outlined previously [ 32 ] . Significance of fold change in gene copy number between groups was determined by Mann Whitney U-test . Primer and probe sequences are available upon request .

Because small group numbers limited the statistical power of group-based analyses , time point-based comparative analyses were conducted using log 2 normalized gene expression data to identify overall temporal transcriptional profiles of ARI ( for example , D2 versus BL ) . A 4 × 3 analysis of variance linear model was fitted to the comparisons to estimate the mean expression values and differentially expressed genes identified by calculation of moderated t-statistic , B statistic , false discovery rate and raw P-value for each comparison of interest . In addition , a mixed linear model was fitted for each gene to estimate the within-subject correlation . A single robust average of this correlation was used as the within-subject correlation when fitting the linear model for all genes . Adjusted P-values were produced by the method proposed by Holm [ 26 ] . To encompass the complete range of gene expression driven by ARI in subsequent analyses , no foldchange cutoff was applied to the significant differentially expressed genes identified ( all adjusted P < 0.05 ) . All procedures were carried out using functions in the R package limma in Bioconductor [ 27 ] .

1 . an increase in asthma symptoms that made the participant increase or start inhaled or oral corticosteroids , or seek medical care in a doctor 's office , urgent care clinic or emergency department or 2 . an increase in chest or asthma symptom score by e10 points for e2 days over average daily scores during baseline week plus at least one of these objective changes : use of e4 puffs of albuterol above the average daily use in the baseline week for e2 days ; decline of e10 % in FEV1 during ARI ( first or second visit ) compared to FEV1 at BL ; or decline of e20 % in PEF for e2 days during the cold week compared with best PEF achieved in the BL week .

Asthma exacerbation during ARI was defined a priori as either :

E . coli BL21 ( pET-galT ) was cultured overnight . The culture production was added in new LB media in 1 : 100 for protein expression . IPTG ( 1 mmol / L ) was added when the OD600 of the culture reached OD0 . 6 . After induction for another 4 hours , bacteria were collected by centrifugation at 12000 g , for 10 min . Prepacked low-pressure chromatographic cartridges ( Bio-Rad , USA ) was used in this study and solution was prepared according to its instruction manual . Bacteria were suspended in 40 mL 1 × binding buffer ( Bio-Rad , USA ) and then treated with ultrasonication in 4 ÚC . Lysate was centrifuged 12000 g for 10 min and the supernatant was collected for His tagged fusion protein purification . GALT His-tagged fusion protein was purified by Ni-affinity chromatography . The purified recombinant protein was stored at -80 ÚC .

To improve the performance of first generation inactivated vaccines , other targets have been studied recently [ 9 , 10 ] . The most promising vaccine candidates are cross protective antigens ; typically these are immunogenic markers of pathogens highly conserved across multiple serovars [ 11 ] . Virulence factors of APP like Apx toxins , lipopolysaccharide , and capsular polysaccharides have been studied as cross-protective vaccine candidates [ 10 , 12 , 13 ] . ApxI , ApxII and ApxIII have proven to provide cross protection against different APP serovars [ 7 , 10 , 12 ] . ApxIV is another Apx toxin that possesses strong antigenic properties , the gene of which is conserved across all 16 known serovars of APP . A recombinant rApxIVN has been shown to induce a high level of antibodies and confers strong protection against challenges with different APP serovars [ 10 ] . Antigens that are conserved across many serovars of a given pathogen could be considered as potential components in cross protective vaccine development . Most microbial pathogens are isolated and cultured on artificial media ( in vitro ) in a clinical setting [ 14 , 15 ] . Many virulence genes , including those that code for highly antigenic virulence factors , are inducible and expressed only in vivo [ 16 ] . Additionally , in vivo study of pathogens in hosts provides an opportunity to investigate humoral and cellular immune responses to infection . Many experimental methods have been developed for studying and targeting in vivo-induced genes such as signature-tagged mutagenesis ( STM ) , in vivo expression technology ( IVET ) , selective capture of transcribed sequences ( SCOTS ) , all of which have been widely used to screen antigens of microbial pathogens [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ] . These technologies have proven to be powerful tools in efforts in the development of cross reactive vaccines [ 20 ] .

Bioinformatics analysis shows that galT gene is highly conserved and widely distributed in different APP strains , making it an promising candidate as a basis for a cross protective vaccine . The results of phylogenetic analysis demonstrate that almost all APP strains are distributed in one phylogenetic branch . L20 and MS71 , however are classified in a small side branch . The similarities between each two APP strains in this study range from 78.9 % to 100 % and that between L20 and MS71 is 83.1 % . It is reported that PlpB across different P . multocidas strains exhibited a high level of homology ( 80.8 % -99.4 % ) , and the mice anti-rPlpB sera was cross-reactive with several P . multocida strains [ 53 ] . Outer membrane protein F ( OmpF ) gene of Escherichia coli strain shares an identity ( 90 - 100 % ) with other select E . coli ( 46.7 % ) and Shigella ( 52.8 % ) strains . Immunological tests show that the recombinant OmpF induces an effective immune response and provides a protection against multi-strain challenges [ 54 ] . The outer membrane protein , LamB , of Vibrio alginolyticus was also demonstrated as an effective cross protective antigen , which showed cross-reactivity [ 55 ] . ApfA , VacJ and PalA of APP were also studied for their potential as vaccine candidates . However , all of these antigens could induce antigen specific antibodies , but failed to induce protection against challenge [ 56 , 57 ] . In the present study , recombinant GALT protein derived from L20 provided partially protection against MS71 challenge . The protection qualities of GALT may also exist between serovar 5 b and the other serovars . GALT could induce a high level antibody response , indicating that this antigen has high immunogenic properties . Immunization of animals with inactivated whole-cell APP MS71 or L20 does not elicit any GALT specific antibodies . Therefore , GALT may be of use as a diagnostic antigen to differentiate animals infected or exposed to APP from those that were vaccinated against this agent ( ' infection ' sera vs . ' vaccine ' sera ) .

The funders of the study had no role in study design , data analysis , data interpretation , or writing of the report . The corresponding authors had full access to all the data in the study and had final responsibility for the decision to submit for publication .

The geometric mean ratio estimates should be interpreted as the proportional change in the maternal mortality ratio , so a value of 1 indicates no difference between groups and a value of less than 1 indicates a decrease in the maternal mortality ratio . For instance , if a region has a maternal mortality ratio of 100 per 100 000 livebirths and an estimated geometric mean ratio of 0 · 80 per year , then this would indicate a 20 % decrease in the maternal mortality ratio each year . Data from Tibet were excluded from the model because maternal mortality was substantially higher than that in any other province and thus not compatible with the assumptions of the random-effects model . The following health systems and contextual factors were considered for inclusion in the adjusted model : GDP per capita , length of highways , female illiteracy , proportion of ethnic minority population , crude birth rate , total tax revenue , government health expenditure per capita , the number of licensed doctors per 1000 population , and hospital beds per 1000 population . Covariates were selected by using a threshold of p = 0 · 05 and by considering the effect on the region coefficients . To investigate different time trends in each of the regions , we fitted the model described above with an interaction between region and time . We imputed missing data for ethnic minority population for each province in 2014 using data from 2013 . For provinces that did not report data on ethnic minority population in the statistical yearbook , we imputed data from the 2010 census .

At the end of 2015 , the Millennium Development Goals ( MDGs ) came to a close . Much progress has been achieved for MDG4 , with 25 of the 75 Countdown to 2015 priority countries achieving a two-thirds reduction in child mortality . 1 Far fewer countries achieved the MDG5 target to reduce the maternal mortality ratio by threequarters . 1 To better understand the factors that might have enabled or hindered progress for maternal and child health , Countdown commissioned several in-depth country case studies , 1 including one for China .

It is known that influenza remains under-detected by established surveillance systems , which rely on sentinel-based reporting of medically attended cases . 13

Human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) is a member of the Retroviridae family , which also infects lymphoid tissue and circulating lymphocytes . In addition to the formation of 3 D aggregates from cells grown in conventional monolayer cultures , the RWV bioreactor can be utilized for culturing tissue blocks in the simulated microgravity environment , thereby maintaining their in vivo cellular organization and structure while allowing for the delivery of nutrients [ 32 ] . Margolis et al . inserted blocks of human tonsil tissue into the RWV bioreactor and cultured these blocks with additional cells from the same tonsil . These cultures were not only viable for up to three weeks , but also contained lymphocytes that migrated throughout the tissue and cell culture media . Infection of these cultures with HIV-1 isolates was productive , with exponential viral replication during the first week of infection [ 32 ] . In situ hybridization for HIV RNA confirmed a productive infection , with 1 % -3 % of the cells in the tissue blocks becoming infected [ 32 ] . Flow cytometry demonstrated a decrease in CD4 + cells over the course of the infection , confirming the productive infection of CD4 + T cells [ 32 ] . Additionally , transfer of HIV-positive tissue blocks to RWV bioreactors containing HIV-negative tissue blocks led to the infection of the HIV-negative tissue blocks , and virus was detected in the cell culture supernatant [ 32 ] . Culturing tissue blocks in the RWV bioreactor thus creates an in vitro model system that could provide new insights into HIV infections and virus interactions with lymphoid tissue .

Three-dimensional NHNP aggregates support persistent VZV infections with limited or little lytic replication and sporadic reactivation at later time points [ 31 ] . NHNP cellular aggregates infected with fluorescently-labeled VZV in the bioreactor showed a significant increase of VZV genome copies over an 18 - day period , yet aggregates remained viable in culture over a three-month course of infection [ 31 ] . The VZV genome was able to stably replicate , and infectious virus progeny was detected in the cell culture supernatant intermittently throughout the course of infection [ 31 ] . The maintenance of viable 3 D aggregates over a three-month course of infection , while not exactly modeling in vivo infections , does allow for the study of persistent VZV infections over an extended period of time . Prolonged studies of VZV infections enable researchers to identify key interactions that may influence virus gene expression , replication and potentially establishment of latency . Prior to the development of the 3 D NHNP aggregates , many other cell lines had been utilized to study VZV infection , including human neuroblastoma ( IMR-32 ) , monkey kidney epithelial ( VERO ) , primary human foreskin fibroblasts ( HFF ) , human melanoma ( MeWo ) and peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( PBMC ) . In these cell lines , however , VZV infections are lytic and preclude prolonged culturing and the study of VZV latency and reactivation cycles [ 31 , [ 55 ] [ 56 ] [ 57 ] [ 58 ] . It should be noted that a non-lytic VZV infection was achieved with differentiated human neural stem cells ( NSC ) ; however , these infections were nonproductive [ 59 ] . Despite its limitations , the development of 3 D NHNP aggregates grown in the RWV bioreactor represents a step forward in the study of VZV virus-host interactions . Further development of 3 D aggregates to model virus latency and reactivation can provide new insights into the mechanisms of VZV pathogenesis and could potentially be utilized in the study of other neurotropic viruses , such as other herpesviruses .

A total of 2,633 passengers were approached and asked to participate . The response rate was 71 % . Most passengers who refused to participate did so because of language diffi culties . After we excluded passengers < 18 years of age , data for 1,880 participants ( 1,081 at EuroAirport and 799 at Zurich Airport ) were analyzed . Mean ( SD ) age was 39.8 ( 14.7 ) years ; 54 % were female , 58 % had a university degree , 97 % were currently feeling healthy , 30 % were traveling alone , 37 % were traveling for business reasons , 30 % were residents of Switzerland , 42 % were residents of other European countries , and 15 % were residents of the Americas .

Extensive microbiologic investigations included tests for common bacteria at usual sampling sites and tests for specifi c arboviruses , Lep-

Massive acidosis developed ( pH 6.61 ; lactate 8.8 mmol / L ) . A brief cardiac arrest required chest compressions and extracorporeal membrane oxygenation ( ECMO ) after venoarterial femoral cannulation at the bedside . Continuous venovenous hemofi ltration was started . APACHE II and SAPS 2 scores were 38 and 93 , respectively . Drotrecogin-alpha ( activated ) was given as a 96 - h infusion .


Each healthcare worker was exposed over a median of 2.0 days ( range 1 - 14 ) , during which a median of 3.0 interactions ( range 1 - 50 ) with the SARS patient occurred . Of the 102 healthcare workers from whom complete data were available , 45 ( 44 % ) reported exposure without any type of mask ; 72 ( 70 % ) had exposure without eye protection ( Table 3 ) .

Eight of the nine United States healthcare facilities in which SARS-CoV-infected patients were evaluated participated in the investigation . Six of the eight SARS-CoV-positive patients visited or were hospitalized at these eight facilities . A total of 110 healthcare workers ( range 4 - 36 healthcare workers per healthcare facility ) participated in this follow-up investigation ( Table 1 ) . This total represented approximately 85 % of healthcare workers who were identified as being at high risk for infection . Healthcare workers were exposed to these patients from March 15 to June 23 , 2003 .

Fitting best regression line to X , Y 12 :

lm  LinearRegression ( ) 11 :

X  first len elements of X Y  i  th len elements of Y 10 :

. CC-BY-NC 4.0 International license It is made available under a author / funder , who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint . https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.03.15.20036418 doi : medRxiv preprint

. CC-BY-NC 4.0 International license It is made available under a author / funder , who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity .

. CC-BY-NC 4.0 International license It is made available under a author / funder , who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint . https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.03. 15.200 36418 doi : medRxiv preprint

One of the factors determining successful replication of influenza viruses in the human respiratory tract involves the interplay between the binding affinity , determined by the host glycan-virus haemagglutinin interaction , and the release , determined by the activity and specific of the viral NA . In order to assess whether there was a difference in the replication abilities of different H9 viruses , we utilized a previously established ex vivo culture system to investigate the replication ability and tropism of H9 viruses . We found that apart from the P10 virus from ferrets , all H9 viruses were able to infect the ex vivo bronchus and lung with greater replication identified in the lung than the bronchus . This overall lower replication ability in the bronchus may be due to a loss of balance between HA and NA , so that even though virus is being produced , the activity of the NA prevents efficient virus release . Indeed , electron microscopy on two of the bronchial samples showed increased numbers of viral particles on the surface of the epithelium ( Supplementary materials , Figure S3 ) .

Statistical analysis . Experiments were performed independently at least three times , with different donors .

Immunohistochemistry . Organ cultures of the respiratory tissue were fixed and paraffin embedded for sectioning and the detection of influenza antigen as described previously 44 . Sections were incubated with HB65 antibody against the nucleoprotein protein for 1 h at room temperature , followed by the addition of biotinylated rabbit anti-mouse antibody . Sections were developed with a Vector NovaRed substrate kit ( SK-4800 ) .

Virus titration assay and area under curve ( AUC ) . Viral titration assay in MDCK cells was performed as described previously and expressed as TCID 50 / ml [ 39 ] [ 40 ] [ 41 ] . Serial dilutions of culture supernatants from infected cultures were titrated in parallel onto confluent 96 - well tissue culture plate of MDCK cells plates in quadruplicate and cytopathic effect ( CPE ) was monitored daily . The end point of viral dilution leading to CPE in 50 % of inoculated wells was estimated using the Karber method . The kinetics of thermal inactivation of these H9 viruses over time were also performed at 37 ° C by adding 1 ml of virus into 24 - well plates with different virus titres ( 10 4 and 10 3 TCID 50 / ml ) in the absence of permissive cells . 130 1 ⁄ 4 l of supernatant was collected at 1 , 24 , and 48 h post incubation to measure viral titer . The replication curves were plotted using the log 10 - transformed viral titers among different viruses at different time points post-infection ( Supplementary materials , Figure S1 ) . Since the thermal inactivation curves of these H9 viruses showed virus infectivity decreasing to undetectable levels by 24 hpi ( Supplementary materials , Figure S2 ) , the extent of the overall viral replication was assessed with the area-under-curve ( AUC ) analysis using a trapezoid rule 42 .

An important aspect in the study of influenza virus biology and ecology has been whether the airborne transmission of an influenza virus in ferrets can be directly and universally applied to imply transmissibility between humans , and whether the sites of replication of these reassortant H9N2 viruses in ferrets may comparable when the human respiratory tract is used . This consideration is important , as replication of H9N2 in the ferret has been included as a risk assessment of H9N2 viruses 19 .

Iran COVID-19 was first reported in Iran starting with 2 dead cases on 19th of Feb in Qom ( a city near Tehran , Iran 's capital ) , followed immediately by a huge outbreak , displayed in Fig . 7 a detailing its number of confirmed , deaths and recovered cases , and normalized in Fig . 7 b . Officially , Iran has n't mandated any city wide lockdowns , but recently some provinces are refusing non-local travelers . Regarding the experiences in China , lockdown strategy will isolate cities to avoid transmitting the growth rate to other cities . However , such policies entail some negative consequences , and therefore they were not implemented in early stages of the outbreak in Iran ; in contrast to Italy and South Korea , where there was a gap between outbreak and huge outbreak ( 21 and 27 days ) . On the 10th day of outbreak in Iran , total reported confirmed infected individual cases reached 388 .

To determine the CFR of confirmed cases , specially in countries in which the COVID-19 is spreading , the knowledge of confirmation to death duration is essential . To demonstrate a wrong approach , if dividing the death cases by confirmed ones on a specific date , yield the wrong answers , for the death cases might have been confirmed some day prior . By assuming that CFR has a linear ( or near linear ) relation with confirmed rate , duration of confirmation to death could be evaluated by fitting multiple linear regression lines . Minimum value for MAE appears for 3 days shift , meaning death cases were confirmed 3 days before .

COVID-19 has currently spread to 85 countries and most national authorities have failed to keep it 's rapid spread contained 13 . WHO ( World Health Organization ) reports that it began in Wuhan city , located in Hubei Province of China , first reported on 21 January 14 . COVID-19 categorizes in three distinctions concerning it 's infected host 's severity of disease 1516 . To date , the statistics of its reported cases shows more than 80 percent of infected had a mild case of disease , while around 14 percent of infected experienced a severe one , suffering from breathlessness and pneumonia . And about 5 percent are categorized as critical disease patients , their symptoms include septic shock , respiratory failure , and the failure of more than one organ . Reports on March 10 202 0 show that China has the most confirmed , fatal and also recovered cases . The order of confirmed cases after China 's , is followed respectively by South Korea , Italy , and Iran ; which could be found in the table1 . Confirmed death cases caused by COVID-19 are also observed in 14 different countries , lead in numbers by China , Italy , Iran , China 80573 3042 53888 South Korea 6593 42 135 Iran 4747 124 913 Italy 4636 197 523 Germany 670 0 17 France 653 9 12 Japan 420 6 46 Spain 400 5 2 US 278 14 8 Switzerland 214 1 3 and South Korea respectively . About 90 % of death cases are located in mainland China , where 80 % of confirmed cases were also present table1 . Vietnam , Cambodia , Nepal and Sri Lanka reported that all infected cases were recovered and there are no active cases that exist in their databases table2 . The overall stats since March 6th states that there are 101104 confirmed , 3454 deaths and 55826 recovered cases , overall . Figure 1 also shows that the COVID-19 spread exists in all continents .

Recovered cases are defined active cases-patients recovered after a certain amount of time , with its trend seen in Fig . 3 k , Fig . 3 j and Fig . 3 l . By comparing recovered cases with confirmed ones , a relation is observed after date shifts . Unlike death cases , recovered cases ' shift are longer initially , and reduces over time . The assumed reasoning is that by the passing of time , more medical treatments develop , healthcare providers gain more experience in handling patients ' care and as more people are informed , increasing numbers of them check in hospitals at the early stages of their disease , resulting in an even more efficient treatment . However this reduction does n't break the linear relation between confirmed cases and recovered ones enough to be significant . To find the mean date shift between confirmed cases and recovered ones , we apply a linear regression line to different dates by shifting them back until a first local minimum MAE is found ( algorithm 1 ) . Hubei province 's recovered mean duration value found is 12 days Fig . 4 f

Ebola virus infections lead to severe hemorrhagic fevers in humans and nonhuman primates ; and human fatality rates are as high as 67 % â € " 90 % . Since the Ebola virus was discovered in 1976 , the only available treatments have been medical support or the emergency administration of experimental drugs . The absence of licensed vaccines and drugs against the Ebola virus impedes the prevention of viral infection . In this study , we generated recombinant baculoviruses ( rBV ) expressing the Sudan virus ( SUDV ) matrix structural protein ( VP40 ) ( rBV-VP40-VP40 ) or the SUDV glycoprotein ( GP ) ( rBV-GP-GP ) , and SUDV virus-like particles ( VLPs ) were produced by co-infection of Sf9 cells with rBV-SUDV-VP40 and rBV-SUDV-GP . The expression of SUDV VP40 and GP in SUDV VLPs was demonstrated by IFA and Western blot analysis . Electron microscopy results demonstrated that SUDV VLPs had a filamentous morphology . The immunogenicity of SUDV VLPs produced in insect cells was evaluated by the immunization of mice . The analysis of antibody responses showed that mice vaccinated with SUDV VLPs and the adjuvant Montanide ISA 201 produced SUDV GP-specific IgG antibodies . Sera from SUDV VLP-immunized mice were able to block infection by SUDV GP pseudotyped HIV , indicating that a neutralizing antibody against the SUDV GP protein was produced . Furthermore , the activation of B cells in the group immunized with VLPs mixed with Montanide ISA 201 was significant one week after the primary immunization . Vaccination with the SUDV VLPs markedly increased the frequency of antigen-specific cells secreting type 1 and type 2 cytokines . To study the therapeutic effects of SUDV antibodies , horses were immunized with SUDV VLPs emulsified in Freundâ € TMs complete adjuvant or Freundâ € TMs incomplete adjuvant . The results showed that horses could produce SUDV GP-specific antibodies and neutralizing antibodies . These results showed that SUDV VLPs demonstrate excellent immunogenicity and represent a promising approach for vaccine development against SUDV infection . Further , these horse anti-SUDV purified immunoglobulins lay a foundation for SUDV therapeutic drug research .

Objectives To identify the contemporary barriers to , and facilitators of , mental well-being 28 among the migrant population in Japan . being among migrants chiefly identified " language difficulties " , " being female " and " lack 43 of social support " , whereas the primary facilitators were " social networks " followed by " cultural identity " . Policy recommendations for authorities included more migrant support 45 services and transcultural awareness among the Japanese public .

Based on the PRISMA guidelines .

The review will be published in an international peer-reviewed journal , yet to be decided .

Give brief details of plans for communicating essential messages from the review to the appropriate audiences .

No I do not make this file publicly available until the review is complete Please note that the information required in the PROSPERO registration form must be completed in full even if access to a protocol is given .

34 . Reference and / or URL for published protocol .

Subgroup analysis will be conducted for pre-and post-migration determinants of mental well-being .

29 . * Analysis of subgroups or subsets .

Our charted data about health outcomes and determinants will be heterogeneous and so will form the basis for analysis using the ' descriptive-analytical method ' from the narrative tradition ( Arksey and O ' Malley , 2005 ) , which involves collecting standard information from each research report and applying a common analytic framework to all included studies . We will not pre-define the way in which the relationships among concepts will be evaluated and we will accept measures of the outcomes based on the study 's assessment using either qualitative or quantitative methods .

A quality assessment checklist will be created to evaluate the appropriateness of included studies for assessment of mental well-being . The Newcastle Ottawa Quality Assessment Scale for Cohort and Cross-Sectional Studies ( Wells et al . , 2000 ) will be used as a guide to develop a modified quality assessment tool .

MS Excel will be used for recording search results and the Mendeley referencing platform will be used to manage retrieved articles . MS Excel will again be used for extracted data charting in order to categorize and analyze individual studies . The charting step will involve the documentation of key characteristics and information of the articles being reviewed . Data to be extracted : citation ( author , publication year ) , study location , study design , study population characteristics , sample size , study tools , comparative population , pre-migration barriers or facilitators of mental well-being , post-migration barriers or facilitators of mental well-being , and recommendations based on outcomes .

For each protein , bands with the correct size could be detected , see Figure 4 . Additionally , bands of smaller size are visible ( 34 kDA ) which might be due to untimely termination of translation , potentially comprising only the HaloTag ® , which features the corresponding size .

Arsenic acid was purchased at Sigma-Aldrich and used at a final concentration of 0.5 mM in DMEM . Pateamine A was kindly provided by Prof . Jerry Pelletier [ 67 ] and used at a concentration of 100 nM in DMEM . Poly ( I : C ) was purchased from GE Healthcare and dsRNA ligand was prepared using the Replicator RNAi kit ( Finnzymes ) using the following oligonucleotides ( Fw , possessing T7 promoter sequence ) TAATACGACTCACT ATAGGGGATACAGTGAC AGGG CG and ( Rv , possessing Phi6 promoter sequence ) GGAAAAAAACCGCACCGAATG CGGAG AATTTAC and the pRib-CVB3 / T7 Coxsackie virus B3 infectious clone as template [ 68 ] . Digested PCR products were ligates into XhoI / BamHI digested pEGFP-N3 plasmid and gene integrity was confirmed by sequencing analysis . pcDNA-RFP expression plasmid was constructed by PCR amplification of the RFP gene using oligonucleotides flanked by NheI ( Fw ) and NotI ( Rv ) restriction sites ( Fw ) GCTAGCGCCACAACCATGGCCTCCTCCGAGGAC and ( Rv ) GCGGCCGCCGGCGCCG GTGGAGTGGCGGCCCTC and subsequently cloning into the NheI / NotI digested pcDNA-EGFP plasmid [ 69 ] . The pJET-puro ( puromycin resistance vector ) plasmid was developed by ligation of the EF1a-Puro fragment into the pJet1 . 2 / blunt vector ( Thermo Fisher ) . pRL-TK ( Renilla luc expression vector ) plasmid was purchased from Promega .

Our data show that p4a is a multi-functional protein that antagonizes both the stress response and the IFN- ± / 2 response pathways . To demonstrate the functional and beneficial role of p4amediated antagonism of the stress response pathway , we set out to compare the replication efficiency of recombinant viruses in HeLa-wt cells and cells that are defective in the PKR-induced stress response pathway ( HeLa-PKR KO cells ) . Infection of HeLa-PKR KO cells with EMCV-L-Zn showed that these cells are unable to mount a stress response ( Fig 8 A ) , whereas IFN- ± / 2 pathway activation was only slightly affected in these cells ( Fig 8 B ) , indicating that possible differences in virus fitness can be predominantly attributed to the defective stress response pathway . Replication of EMCV-L-Zn under low MOI infection conditions is severely impaired in HeLa-wt cells , whereas replication was fully rescued to the level of EMCV wt in HeLa-PKR KO cells ( Fig 8 C ) . Comparison of the replication efficiency of recombinant viruses expressing p4a or the p4a mutant containing the K 63 A / K 67 A substitutions showed that the antagonistic activity of p4a provided a clear fitness advantage in HeLa-wt cells ( Fig 8 C ) . The observation that the p4a-expressing virus failed to replicate to similar titers as wt virus is unlikely due to inefficient PKR inhibition by p4a as comparable titers were obtained for the recombinant viruses expressing p4a or mutant p4a in HeLa-PKR KO cells . Notwithstanding the lower virus titer , which may either be due to imperfect polyprotein processing due to introduction of p4a or to less efficient encapsidation of the larger viral genome , these results provide evidence that the PKR antagonistic function of MERS-CoV p4a can provide a virus fitness advantage in PKR-competent cells .

Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus ( MERS-CoV ) causes severe respiratory infections that can be life-threatening . To establish an infection and spread , MERS-CoV , like most other viruses , must navigate through an intricate network of antiviral host responses . Besides the well-known type I interferon ( IFN- ± / 2 ) response , the protein kinase R ( PKR ) - mediated stress response is being recognized as an important innate response pathway . Upon detecting viral dsRNA , PKR phosphorylates eIF2 ± , leading to the inhibition of cellular and viral translation and the formation of stress granules ( SGs ) , which are increasingly recognized as platforms for antiviral signaling pathways . It is unknown whether cellular infection by MERS-CoV activates the stress response pathway or whether the virus has evolved strategies to suppress this infection-limiting pathway . Here , we show that cellular infection with MERS-CoV does not lead to the formation of SGs . By transiently expressing the MERS-CoV accessory proteins individually , we identified a role of protein 4 a ( p4a ) in preventing activation of the stress response pathway . Expression of MERS-CoV p4a impeded dsRNA-mediated PKR activation , thereby rescuing translation inhibition and preventing SG formation . In contrast , p4a failed to suppress stress response pathway activation that is independent of PKR and dsRNA . MERS-CoV p4a is a dsRNA binding protein .

Before transcription of mRNA with SP6 RNA polymerase , the plasmids were linearized within the protein-coding sequence with the following restriction enzymes : Ava II ( pDM9G ) and Hinf I ( pSPHNI ) . The linearized DNA templates were transcribed at a concentration of 0.1 mg / ml in 40 mM Tris-Cl , pH 7.5 , 6 mM MgCI2 , 2 mM spermidine , 12.5 mM NaCI , 10 mM dithiothreitol ( DTT ) , 0.5 mM each of ATP , GTP , UTP , and CTP , 0.5 U / pl placental RNase inhibitor , and 400 U / ml of SP6 RNA polymerase ( Promega Biotec , Madison , WI ) . The mRNA transcripts were purified after transcription by previously described methods ( 9 , 20 ) . Wheat germ translations were conducted at 25 ° C in a volume of 100 pl , containing 30 pl of staphylococcal nuclease-treated wheat germ S 23 ( 10 ) , 100 uCi of 135 S ] methionine ( New England Nuclear , Boston , MA ) , human placental RNase inhibitor ( RNasin ; Promega Biotec ) , and a mixture of protease inhibitors compatible with in vitro translation ( 42 ) . Translations of the mRNA transcripts were adjusted to either 140 mM KOAc , 2.5 mM Mg ( OAc ) . , ( VSV G mRNA transcript ) , or 90 mM KOAc , 2.5 mM Mg ( OAc ) 2 ( HN mRNA transcript ) .

The inability of HN-91 chains recovered from the top of the sucrose gradient to bind to microsomal membranes confirms the previously described requirement for the ribosome in translocation ( or integration ) of nascent chains across the membrane ( 8 , 12 , 29 ) . Unfortunately , the precise role of the ribosome in maintaining translocation competence of polypeptides remains obscure . Conceivably , SRP may dissociate from the signal sequence of polypeptides released from the ribosome by puromycin treatment , rendering such polypeptides incompetent for translocation . Alternatively , attach-ment of nascent chains to the membrane may require the concerted recognition of both the signal sequence and the ribosome by membrane-bound translocation factors . Such a recognition event apparently requires the GTP-dependent translocation component perhaps functioning in combination with either a ribosome receptor or the recently detected membrane-bound signal sequence receptor ( 47 ) . The ribosome may also function to prevent aberrant folding of the polypeptide , as proposed previously ( 29 ) .

Ribosome-bound nascent HN proteins remained competent for membrane insertion after resolution on sucrose density gradients . Soluble proteins present in the wheat germ translation system were separated from the ribosome-bound polypeptide and shown to be nonessential for the membrane attachment of HN-91 . The membrane insertion of HN-91 bound to gradient-purified 80 - S monosomes provides additional evidence for a membrane-bound location of the GTPdependent translocation component . Nonetheless , we can not formally eliminate the possible cosedimentation of a GTPbinding protein with the 80 - S monosome . In particular , protein synthesis elongation factors eEF-1 ct and eEF-2 are GTPbinding proteins whose function in protein synthesis are well-characterized . However , a continued affinity of either of these two elongation factors for a ribosome bearing a puromycin-terminated polypeptide would appear unlikely . Based upon the results described here , we believe that currently identified protein synthesis elongation factors can not account for the GTP requirement for nascent chain attachment to the membrane . As discussed previously ( 9 ) , soluble proteins present in the wheat germ extract are unlikely candidates for the GTP-dependent translocation component , as such proteins have ample opportunity to bind GTP during the initial translation reaction .

Potentially misleading results were obtained when HN-91 translations were treated with puromycin as a means of releasing the nascent chain from the ribosome . Although the reaction of the peptidyl tRNA with puromycin had clearly occurred as monitored by CTABr precipitation , a surprisingly minor fraction of the polypeptide was released from the ribosome . In contrast , puromycin treatment of SRP-arrested preprolactin polysomes causes efficient release of the nascent chain from the ribosome ( data not shown ) , and the concomitant loss of ability of the nascent chain to bind to K-RM ( 1 : 2 ) i Nonetheless , we believe that the retention of the HN-91 chain by the ribosome after puromycin treatment is not an isolated phenomenon . The intermediate and somewhat variable inhibition of pG-90 attachment after puromycin termination can be ascribed to a subpopulation of pG-90 nascent chains , which remained associated with the ribosome ( data not shown ) .

For many years , the process of translocation of secretory proteins across the endoplasmic reticulum membrane was believed to occur by an obligatory cotranslational mechanism based upon cell-free translation experiments conducted using diverse secretory protein mRNAs and canine pancreas microsomal membrane vesicles . Posttranslational integration of membrane proteins appeared to be restricted to proteins lacking RER signal sequences such as cytochrome b5 ( 1 ) . During recent years , several laboratories have shown that posttranslational translocation and membrane protein integration events can be detected ( 7 - 9 , 15 , 26 - 29 , 33 , 36 , 43 - 46 ) . Currently described examples of posttranslational translocation events can be subdivided into two major categories based upon whether the translocated polypeptide is bound to the ribosome . The yeast pheremone prepro-ctfactor can be efficiently translocated across yeast microsomal membranes in vitro by a ribosome-independent mechanism that requires ATP hydrolysis ( 15 , 33 , 43 ) . In contrast , ATP hydrolysis-dependent posttranslational integration of membrane proteins and translocation of secretory proteins across mammalian microsomal membranes is generally restricted to polypeptides that remain attached to the ribosome via tRNA linkage ( 8 , 26 , 29 ) . Notable exceptions to this latter rule are several low molecular mass polypeptides , including M-13 preprocoat protein ( 45 , 46 ) , honeybee prepromelletin ( reference 28 ; 70 amino acid residues ) , and frog GLa propeptide ( reference 36 ; 64 amino acid residues ) . Significantly , these latter precursors can be translocated ( or integrated ) by an ATP hydrolysis-dependent pathway in the absence of both SRP and a functional SRP receptor ( 28 , 36 , 45 , 46 ) . When the secretory protein prelysozyme was prematurely released from the ribosome by introduction of a termination codon at residue 51 , the resulting low molecular mass polypeptide was not translocated across microsomal membranes ( 19 ) . Ribosome-independent translocation of proteins across mammalian membranes is proposed to be dependent upon specific features of the precursor structure ( 28 ) rather than just polypeptide length .

Recently , secretory protein translocation across the endoplasmic reticulum has been shown to require GTP in a capacity unrelated to the continued elongation of the polypeptide chain ( 9 ) . In the absence of GTP , SRP-ribosome complexes bind to microsomai membrane vesicles containing a functional SRP receptor . The ribosome-bound nascent chains can be readily extracted from the membrane by high ionic strength buffers or by disruption of the ribosome with EDTA . Upon the addition of GTP or a nonhydrolyzable GTP analogue , the membrane-bound nascent chains become resistant to EDTA or high salt extraction . Nascent chains bound to microsomal membranes in the presence of GTP can be translocated across the membrane bilayer upon termination of the polypeptide with puromycin ( 9 ) . Thus , the transbilayer transport of nascent polypeptides is not dependent upon the continued elongation of the polypeptide chain ( 9 , 29 ) .

The truncated VSV G protein mRNA encodes an aminoterminal 16 - residue cleavable signal sequence and an additional 74 residues of the mature ectoplasmic domain of the G protein ( 31 ) . Translation of the pG-90 mRNA in a wheat germ cell-free system resulted in the synthesis of a predominant translation product not observed in control translations lacking the mRNA transcript . The pG-90 polypeptide cosedimented with polysomes on sucrose density gradients and was precipitated as a peptidyl-tRNA by CTABr before , but not after treatment of the in vitro translation reaction with 100 laM puromycin ( data not shown ) . Thus , the majority of the nascent polypeptide remains both physically and functionally associated with the ribosome .

The percent HN-91 bound was calculated from the following equation : % HN-91 bound = ( P , - Ph ) / ( P , + S , ) , where P , is the cpm of HN-91 recovered in the pellet fraction in the assay sample , S ~ is the cpm of HN-91 recovered in the supernatant fraction in the assay sample , and Ph is the cpm of HN-91 sedimenting in the pellet fraction in a control assay lacking ribonucleotides . A similar quantity of HN-91 is recovered in the pellet fraction from assays lacking K-RM instead of ribonucleotides .

We have examined the requirement for ribonucleotides and ribonucleotide triphosphate hydrolysis during early events in the membrane integration of two membrane proteins : the G protein of vesicular stomatitis virus and the hemagglutinin-neuraminidase ( HN ) glycoprotein of Newcastle disease virus . Both proteins contain a single transmembrane-spanning segment but are integrated in the membrane with opposite orientations . The G protein has an amino-terminal signal sequence and a stop-transfer sequence located near the carboxy terminus . The HN glycoprotein has a single sequence near the amino terminus that functions as both a signal-sequence and a transmembrane-spanning segment . Membrane insertion was explored using a cell-free system directed by transcribed mRNAs encoding amino-terminal segments of the two proteins . Ribosome-bound nascent polypeptides were assembled , ribonucleotides were removed by gel filtration

events of the pedigree were also determined through haplotype construction using the Merlin ( V . 1.1 . 2 ) software .

Whole-exome capture and sequencing was performed ( II : 1 , II : 4 , III : 4 , III : 5 , III : 6 , III : 7 , figure 1 A ) . DNA was sheared , ligated to adaptors , extracted , amplified by ligation-mediated PCR and then hybridised to the Nimblegen SeqCap EZ Exome Kit V . 3.0 ( Roche , Basel , Switzerland ) for enrichment . Each captured library was loaded onto the Illumina Hiseq2000 platform . After filtering out low-quality and duplicate reads , clean data were aligned to the human reference genome hg19 using the Burrows-Wheeler Aligner . After alignment , variants were called using four types of software ( SOAPsnp , GATK , Samtools and Platypus ) , merged into variant call format files and annotated using a variant effect predictor , including those with minor allele frequencies ( MAF ) , in public databases and the Beijing Genomics Institute ( BGI ) in-house databases . We used ExomeDepth software to detect the CNVs of this pedigree . By setting the parameters and following the instructions , we obtained rare CNVs from exome sequencing data . Under the assumption of autosomal-dominant pattern of inheritance , only variants that were heterozygous in the four affected siblings and absent in the two unaffected individuals were selected as candidates and verified using PCR-Sanger sequencing .

Participating subjects were evaluated by medical history interviews , and a physical examination was performed on index patient from family JS4842 . The degree of hearing loss was assessed using puretone audiometry , auditory brainstem response ( ABR ) and distortion product otoacoustic emission ( DPOAE ) . CT scans of temporal bones were performed . Vestibular functions were evaluated using the tandem gait , Romberg test and caloric test . The index patient was further subjected to an ophthalmological examination with funduscopy and other tests including serum chemistry analysis , blood count , urinalysis and an ECG . Genomic DNA was extracted from peripheral blood using a blood DNA extraction kit according to the manufacturer 's instructions ( TianGen , Beijing , China ) .

IFN- » - induced receptor engagement leads to the tyrosine phosphorylation of the IFNLR1 intracellular domain via the activation of receptor-associated Jak kinases , Jak1 and Tyk2 , and to the subsequent activation of latent transcription factors of the STAT family : STAT1 , STAT2 , STAT3 , STAT4 and STAT5 . 4 11 33 Increasing evidence points to a role for the Jak / STAT signalling pathway in the auditory system . Inhibition of the Jak2 / STAT3 signalling pathway is protective against noise-induced cochlear tissue damage and loss of hearing sensitivity . 34 RNA-Seq analysis revealed that the Jak1 / STAT3 pathway and cell cycle are activated following zebrafish hair cell death . 35 The Jak1 / STAT3 pathway is upregulated during zebrafish inner ear regeneration . 36 This study identified IFNLR1 as a gene involved in autosomal-dominant hearing impairment . Several lines of evidence support the hypothesis that the identified IFNLR1 mutation is responsible for autosomal-dominant hearing impairment : ( 1 ) IFNLR1 c . 296 G > A completely cosegregated with hearing loss in an ADNSHL family ; ( 2 ) the identified mutation influenced the conserved residue of the IFNLR1 protein and in silico analysis suggested that this mutation disturbed protein function ; ( 3 ) the identified mutation was absent in 3396 ethnically matched controls ( 2896 in-house controls and 500 controls with normal hearing ) ; ( 4 ) Ifnlr1 was expressed in the inner ears of mice and ( 5 ) ifnlr1 knockdown induced hair cell and supporting cell loss in zebrafish . Further research is needed to address the spectrum and prevalence of IFNLR1 mutations in ADNSHL families of different ethnicities , the various functions of the different IFNLR1 isoforms and possible ligands and interaction partners . Further characterisation of the exact molecular mechanisms by which genetic defects in IFNLR1 cause non-syndromic hearing loss will contribute to our understanding of the essential processes for normal hearing , which might lead to the development of therapeutic interventions .

To our knowledge , this is the first report to suggest a role of IFNLR1 in hearing . To mimic the IFNLR1 loss of function , we performed experiments in zebrafish using MO to knockdown ifnlr1 . We observed a reduced number of hair cells , supporting cells in the lateral line in morphants compared with WT . Moreover , rescue experiments revealed that WT mRNA could largely rescue MO phenotypes .

Interferon ( IFN ) lambda receptor 1 ( IFNLR1 , MIM 607404 ) belongs to the class II cytokine receptor family , which is responsible for recognition of cytokines and IFNs in the extracellular environment and initiation of intracellular signalling cascades that lead to an array of responses such as haematopoiesis , regulation of the immune system and cellular growth and development . 2 3 The functions of IFN » include antiviral activity , 4 5 antiproliferative effect , 6 antitumor activity 7 and the regulation of major histocompatibility complex class I / II molecule expression 8 and immune responses . 9 10 Three research groups identified IFNLR1 , so it has three alternative names : CRF2-12 , IL28R and LICR . 4 5 11 However , the function of IFNLR1 in the auditory system has not been described .

Linkage and haplotype analysis mapped the pathogenic gene in this family to one loci , a shared region of 21.45 Mb on chromosomal region 1 p34 . 1 - 1 p36 . 12 ( IFNLR1 1 p36 . 11 ) , located between rs2286243 and kgp9850329 ( figure 1 A ) ; this region corresponded to the 21.45 Mb genomic region chr1 : 22,986,610 to chr1 : 44,441,533 ( hg37 ) and included 289 genes . The LOD scores ranged from 3.023 7 to 3.310 9 . This linkage interval overlapped with that reported for the dominant non-syndromic deafness locus , DFNA2 . [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] To identify the gene responsible for hearing loss in the family , we performed whole exome sequencing in four affected and two unaffected subjects . We obtained 49 229 SNPs and an average of 5456 InDels ( figure 1 B ) located on the exon target region , and we filtered out the variants with MAF > 0.005 from public databases . These variants were shared by the four cases and were absent from two controls . In the 21.45 MB region , After the PCR-Sanger sequencing , we found two variants , c . 296 G > A ( p . Arg99His ) ( figure 1 D ) and CDC20 c . 1436 G > A ( p . Ar-g479Gln ) , that cosegregated in the phenotype and genotype in this pedigree . All nine affected individuals were heterozygous for these mutations . We further expanded the BGI in-house database and checked the frequency of the two variants . CDC20 c . 1436 G > A ( p . Arg479Gln ) was carried by eight individuals who were diagnosed with retinitis pigmentosa but reported no hearing loss . IFNLR1 c . 296 G > A was absent from 2896 in-house controls in Chinese population . We detected an average of 346 CNVs per sample , but none met the genetic model of this pedigree . PCR-Sanger sequencing of the variant in 500 normalhearing controls having the same genetic background revealed no carriers of IFNLR1 c . 296 G > A ( p . Arg99His ) and this residue is conserved in all vertebrates , from zebrafish to mammals ( figure 1 C ) . The mutation is likely to affect protein function , as predicted by several models including SIFT ( deleterious ) , PolyPhen-2 ( probably _ damaging ) , PhastCons ( disease causing ) , Mutation Assessor ( medium impact ) , FATHMM ( tolerated ) and GERP + + ( damaging ) .

DNA samples were obtained from six unaffected and nine affected individuals of family JS4842 . One affected individual ( III : 5 ) was prescreened and found to be negative for mutations in GJB2 , SLC26A4 and mtDNA12SrRNA via direct sequencing .

water , such as altering water temperature , pH , salinity or organic content [ 9 , 17 ] . This has been achieved in Hong Kong and thus should be possible more broadly . However , AIVs will continue to threaten public health until their prevalence is reduced in other holdings that supply rLBMs . Due to the complex patterns of host species usage by different AIV subtypes [ 5 ] , other important steps to decrease transmission ( and potential reassortment ) in wLBMs and other pre-rLBM settings include reducing stay-time , implementing structures to minimize host mixing , and preventing cross-species contact of shared resources .

Our model demonstrates how the interplay between stay-time of birds in rLBMs , prevalence of infection in birds entering the rLBMs , and levels of infectious virus within rLBMs ultimately determine how effective a specific intervention will be . Combined with surveillance data from Shantou , several general guidelines for surveillance and control of AIV in poultry become clear . In rLBMs , the lowest risk to humans will be achieved by limiting stay-times to 1 day for all bird species , conducting effective decontamination as frequently as possible and taking measures to minimize the persistence of AIVs in drinking Figure 3 Schematic of the poultry supply chain . Birds are brought to wholesale markets from several independent ( often undocumented ) locations and flock owners . The source for birds changes constantly and varies from large-scale operations with thousands of birds per farm to family-owned backyard flocks . In wholesale markets , birds are kept at very high density in large pens . There is interaction with poultry caretakers as well as poultry traders , but not the general public . From wholesale markets , birds are brought to several retail markets where they are kept at high density in small , stacked cages . Thus , the bird population is more structured in retail markets . Also , the stay-time of birds in retail markets is much shorter than in wholesale markets .

The scientific community forecasted key elements of the emergent H7N9 virus by prior surveillance , laboratory studies and clinical observations [ 13 , 14 ] . H9N2 viruses were predicted to pose a risk of novel-strain emergence due to their : propensity to co-infect with other subtypes , dominance in rLBMs , broad host range , dominance in chickens ( the most numerous poultry species ) , low virulence ( i.e. , low detectability ) and capability . Each monthly estimate of prevalence was considered . The x-axis represents monthly prevalence of H9 binned at an interval of 2 % prevalence . Note that one monthly sample from the wholesale market was unusually high at 44 % and thus the plot is truncated between 22 and 44 % as indicated by the squiggly dotted lines . The means ± 1 standard deviation ( and medians enclosed in brackets ) for the monthly prevalence measures indicate that prevalence in wholesale markets may be as much as 50 % that in retail markets . Table S1 ) were run under different combinations of parameter values ( see Additional file 2 : Figure S1 ) for each stay-time indicated on X-axis . Mean daily prevalence ( over 1 year ) was calculated for each parameter set . Each bar reflects an overall mean across parameter sets . These overall means were expressed as prevalence relative to the lowest stay-time ( 0.5 days ; i.e. , bars show ( ( mi - m0 . 5 ) / m0 . 5 ) × 100 , where m = mean prevalence across parameters sets , i = 1 , 1.5 , 2.5 , 3 , 3.5 , 4 days ) . Absolute values of prevalence will depend on specific parameter values ; qualitative results are robust ; higher transmission rates lead to larger effects of stay-time ( Additional file 2 : Figure S1B ) . B . Impact of influx of chickens on effectiveness of decontamination in retail markets . Difference between mean prevalence of the ' reference ' scenario ( no disinfection routine ) and mean prevalence under each treatment , divided by the reference and expressed as a percent . The frequency of disinfection is shown on X-axis . Efficacy of disinfection ( i.e. 100 , 90 and 50 % ) is indicated in the legend with a stay-time of 3 days . Left panel : Infected hosts were introduced only once at the start of the simulation ( initial prevalence = 0.1 % ) and only susceptible or recovered hosts entered the market thereafter . Right panel : The number of infected hosts entering retail markets at each time step was chosen randomly from the distribution of prevalences in the wholesale market ( Figure 2 , red bars ) . of infecting humans [ 5 , [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] . These warnings were first publicized 14 years ago when it was suggested that genetic material from H9N2 subtypes contributed to the emergence of H5N1 in 1997 in Hong Kong [ 16 ] . The recent finding that the internal genes of the novel H7N9 strain come from an H9N2 strain [ 2 ] validates predictions from surveillance data and further emphasizes the need to understand the multi-host epidemiology of H9N2 viruses . Prevention of the emergence of novel strains with pandemic potential will require the identification of strains that are high risk such as H9N2 and the taking of measures to eliminate them . Once elimination is achieved , it may be appropriate to list these strains under the World Organization for Animal Health ( OIE ) definition for high-risk strains so that more extreme measures can be used to control their re-introduction . In any case , it is worth placing more emphasis on control of emergent strains - those with epidemiological traits that favor emergence - not just those that have shown a history of causing HP AIV infections .

Nasopharyngeal aspirate specimens were collected at the time of hospitalization by carefully irrigating the young child 's nostrils with sterile saline solution . Nasopharyngeal aspirate specimens were analyzed within 24 hours of aspiration for respiratory syn cytial viruses ( RSV ) ( A and B ) , human metapneumovirus , human rhinovirus , influenza A and B viruses , parainfluenza virus ( A , B , and C ) , coronavirus ( A and B ) , and adenovirus . Total viral RNA was obtained from nasopharyngeal aspirate specimens ( 300 1 ⁄ 4 L ) by utilizing Viral Genespin Viral DNA / RNA Extraction Kits ( iNtRON , Seongnam , Korea ) and stocked at -80 ° C . incorporated with 5 × buffer , 0.2 mM of each dNTP , 0.51 ⁄ 4 M of each primer 1316 ) , 1 1 ⁄ 4 L of the enzyme mix , and diethylpyrocarbonate incorporated ultrapure water to a total volume of 25 1 ⁄ 4 L . After being incubated at 50 ° C for 30 minutes and at 94 ° C for 15 min utes , the reactions underwent 40 cycles of denaturation for 30 seconds at 94 ° C , annealing for 90 seconds at 60 ° C , and extension for 90 seconds at 72 ° C , followed by a final extension at 72 ° C for 10 minutes . The amplified specimens were analyzed on 2 % agarose gels comprised of 0.5 g / mL ethidium bromide .

In the present study , we aimed to determine the proportion of chest radiographs showing pathologic findings inconsistent with bronchiolitis and the clinical predictors of pathologic chest radiographic findings in young children admitted with a typical presentation of bronchiolitis to an inpatient Pediatric Unit at a general hospital .

In conclusion , we found that chest radiographs in young children with a typical presentation of bronchiolitis have limited value ; however , those with high hsCRP levels or a history of ad mission due to respiratory illnesses prior to admission were ap proximately 1.2 times more likely to have pathologic chest radio graphic findings . Further studies with larger samples sizes are needed to corroborate this finding before a clear conclusion can be drawn .

There are some limitations to the present study . First , the cur rent study has inherent limitations due to its retrospective study design . Second , the present study is a single center study con ducted at a secondary hospital . Third , lung function measures or objective assessments such as the RDAI clinical score were not available to determine the degree of respiratory difficulty . Fourth , this study lacks a diagnostic " gold standard " to prove the absence of bacterial infection in children with chest abnormalities . It would be ideal to perform chest radiography after a complete review of the expected benefits of chest Xray in subjects ( e.g. , subjects with toxic appearance , unconventional presentations , or protracted clinical course ) . Furthermore , the current research work had only 2 children with atelectasis on their chest xray , and recognition of any factors predicting this highrisk finding was beyond calculation .

A history of hospitalization due to respiratory illness is an important aspect of the history in children with respiratory pro blems in the outpatient department , as the respiratory signs and symptoms in children with previous respiratory problems tend to worsen , ultimately requiring hospitalization 25 ) . This may be due to the fact that these subjects have chronic respiratory illnesses such as asthma , thus predisposing them to developing severe respi ratory illness . However , unfortunately , we did not evaluate every patient 's asthma history and their family history of asthma .

There were no differences between groups with regard to sex ; age ; birth weight , height , or head circumference ; gestational age ; respiratory rate , heart rate , body temperature , or oxygen saturation at admission ; the presence of fever prior to admission ; duration of fever prior to admission ; the presence of chest retraction or wheezes ; white blood cell count or total eosinophil count at ad mission ; or virus detected . The total duration of fever ( 3 [

Acute respiratory tract infection is one of the most common diseases encountered in the outpatient and / or Emergency Department settings in childhood 1 ) . Of these infections , bronchiolitis is the most frequent cause of hospitalization among young children 2 , 3 ) . Ac cording to an epidemiologic study , approximately 100,000 bronchiolitis hospitalizations occur annually in the United States 4 ) . Another study looking at 1,503,239 children under 18 years of age who visited the Emergency Department in Korea in 2012 found that 18,313 children ( 1.2 % ) were diagnosed with bronchiolitis and 6,321 children of them ( 34.5 % ) were admitted 5 ) .

In 1981 , the first cases of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( AIDS ) were described in American homosexual men . Thereafter , within three short years , French and American scientists confirmed that the human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) is the causative agent for AIDS . In the ensuing 20 years , > 20 million individuals have died from AIDS ; and currently , in 2006 , 50 million people worldwide are infected by HIV-1 with 3 million incremental AIDS deaths and 4 - 5 million new infections occurring annually . The magnitude of this burden casts urgency to medical research on HIV / AIDS .

HAI assay . Two fold serial dilutions ( up to 12 ) of heat inactivated sera from vaccinated mice and controls were mixed with 4 HAU of H1N1 A / California / 09 virus and incubated for 30 min at room temperature . An equal volume of 1 % chicken red blood cell ( CRBC ) suspension was added to all wells and incubated for 45 min at room temperature . All samples were run in duplicate wells on U-bottom 96 well plates . The reciprocal of the highest dilution of sera to successfully inhibit CRBC agglutination was defined as the HAI titre of the serum sample .

Several studies have shown a reduced efficacy of influenza vaccines in the elderly compared to young adults . In this study , we evaluated the immunogenicity and protective efficacy of a commercially available inactivated influenza vaccine ( Fluzone 1 ) in young adult and aged mice . C57 / BL6 mice were administered a single or double immunization of Fluzone 1 with or without CpG and challenged intranasally with H1N1 A / California / 09 virus . A double immunization of Fluzone 1 adjuvanted with CpG elicited the highest level of protection in young adult mice which was associated with increases in influenza specific IgG , elevated HAI titres , reduced viral titres and lung inflammation . In contrast , the vaccine schedule which provided fully protective immunity in young adult mice conferred limited protection in aged mice . Antigen presenting cells from aged mice were found to be less responsive to in vitro stimulation by Fluzone and CpG which may partially explain this result . Our data are supportive of studies that have shown limited effectiveness of influenza vaccines in the elderly and provide important information relevant to the design of more immunogenic vaccines in this age group .

( 2 ) to identify through network analyses the multilocus genotypes ( MGs ) that most closely resemble those that were first introduced into California , using historical samples collected around the time when P . ramorum was first identified in Californian forests ;

Specifically , our aims were : ( 1 ) to reconstruct the migration history of the pathogen with high resolution ;

Both the NJ and coalescent analyses indicate that the pathogen has often spread to adjacent areas from many of these initial discrete introductions , most likely through natural movement of its airborne propagules . In particular , the coalescent analysis performed in this study allows the reconstruction of spread pathways within Marin and Santa Cruz counties ( solid lines in Fig . 5 ) . Although the coalescent analyses ignored relationships among genetically undistinguishable populations if within the same county , age of the infestation can be used to determine spread pathways among these . For instance , in the Big Sur region the oldest infestations are centrally located ( MO1 , MO6 ) with younger infestations present both North ( MO5 , MO3 ) and South ( MO4 , MO2 ) of what is obviously the first local infestation for the entire region , responsible for the spread of the pathogen both North-and South-ward .

In contrast to nursery isolates and large wild infestations , old infestations that did not develop early on into outbreaks such as San Mateo 1 and East Bay 1 appear to have had a limited role in the further dispersal of the pathogen . Thus , limiting the population size in individual areas , in addition to blocking pathways of spread , may be of paramount importance in slowing the spread of a disease such as SOD . This observation may be important , since favorable weather conditions in 2010 - 2012 ( www . sodmap . org ) have resulted in a clear local expansion of the disease in many locations , potentially generating new sources for future long-distance dispersal .

One important additional finding of this study is that the significant outbreak recently discovered in Northern Humboldt County ( Humboldt 3 ) and equidistant to the closest infestations both North ( Oregon ) and South ( Southern Humboldt , Humboldt 7 - 9 ) , was linked both by NJ and coalescent analysis to the same source as the Southern Humboldt infestation ( approximately 100 km to the South ) . The infestation was originally discovered by baiting the pathogen 20 miles downstream ( Humboldt 5 ) in Redwood Creek , a waterway that crosses the aerial infestation . Genotyping showed the genotypes in the stream were the same found in the terrestrial infestation 20 miles upstream , and that enough time had lapsed since the introduction of the pathogen for several genotypes to have been generated locally in such site ( Supplemental Table S1 ) . These findings underlined the importance of genetic data to : ( a ) link baiting results from waterways with a putative terrestrial source ; ( b ) date an infestation , highlighting that even if recently discovered , some infestations may be older and simply unnoticed in spite of significant surveying efforts ; ( c ) determine that the likely source of this recently discovered outbreak was neither current nursery genotypes , nor the neighboring Oregon infestation , but the infestation appeared rather to have been started from the same source that started the Southern Humboldt infestation . Given the long distance between Sonoma and Humboldt , the most likely pathway had to be that of the movement of infected ornamental plants , a pathway that has been shown ( Goss et al . 2011 , b ; Mascheretti et al . 2008 Mascheretti et al . , 2009 this study ) to be effective at the long distance movement of P . ramorum . Although possibly coincidental , the source of the Humboldt infestation ( Sonoma 4 ) includes not only a large wild infestation , but also a nursery that although not sampled is adjacent ( \ 3 km ) to some of our sampling transects .

MGs 46 / 96 , 42 and 38 are identical to those originally suggested as the original MGs introduced into Californian forests ( Mascheretti et al . 2008 ) . This is further supported by the analysis of historical isolates that were collected in the early days ( i.e. between 2001 and 2004 ) of the research on SOD . These historical isolates include many of the most numerous MGs , with the four common MGs and their immediate one-step neighbors in the MSN accounting for 99 % of individuals within historical MGs and only for 68 % of those within non-historical MGs . Hence , the most common genotypes are the oldest and consequently MG 46 / 96 , and subsequently MGs 42 , 38 and 24 , may indeed represent the original progenitors of the SOD epidemic . Interestingly , each area is dominated by a single cluster , suggesting founder individuals may maintain an advantage over other isolates , whether subsequently introduced or locally generated .

Genetic data suggest that P . ramorum is an exotic pathogen in Europe and in North America , introduced in the nursery trade of both continents from unknown origins at least four times independently-as indicated by the presence of four clonal lineages : EU1 , EU2 , NA1 , and NA2 ( reviewed in Garbelotto and Hayden 2012 ) . NA1 is also responsible for the natural infestation in North American forests , while EU1 , NA1 , and NA2 genotypes have all been isolated only from nurseries in North America Hansen et al . 2003 ; Ivors et al . 2004 ) . Forest infestations are present in a single county in Southern Oregon ( Curry County ) , and in 14 contiguous counties in California from Humboldt to Monterey , spanning over 700 km of mostly coastal habitat ( Fig . 1 ; also see www . sodmap . org ) . The EU2 lineage has been recently discovered in formal gardens of Northern Ireland and Northwestern Great Britain ( Van Poucke et al . 2012 ) . Indeed , the four lineages probably originated from geographically isolated populations that have been clonally reproducing for almost 200,000 years and have a reduced ability to reproduce sexually ( Goss et al . 2009 b ) .

Employing 832 isolates from 60 forest localities , we have revealed a far greater degree of spatial-genetic structuring in P . ramorum than previously indicated ( Mascheretti et al . 2009 ) . This increased resolution stems from : ( 1 ) the inclusion of two additional loci ; ( 2 ) the inclusion of all the data [ previously studies employed haplotypes , because the largely invariant second allele was removed from the clonal genotypes ( Mascheretti et al . 2008 ( Mascheretti et al . , 2009 ; ( 3 ) the use of the ( Bruvo et al . 2004 ) evolutionary genetic distance as the basis of the AMOVA and U ST calculations . The latter , although originally designed for polyploid data , is advantageous here for two main reasons : ( a ) Unlike the ' R ST - like ' method built into ARLEQUIN , the measure can be calculated for partial microsatellite repeats , avoiding the exclusion of such data ; ( b ) the method accounts for the decreasing probability of a mutational change with increasing numbers of repeats ( rather than increasing as the square of the repeat difference as in R ST ) - minimizing the influence on genetic distance of rarer MGs with multi-step repeat differences ( Bruvo et al . 2004 ) .

The numbers in parenthesis indicate the percent posterior probability of membership in each of the genetic clusters ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) identified by STRUCTURE . The vertical arrows to either side of the figures indicate the time-course from older to younger infestations . The horizontal dashed lines mark the boundaries of the genetic clusters as defined by NJ analysis ( clustering ) of the Genetic Cluster Dissimilarity index ( the location of these lines is approximate in Fig . 2 a ) . Populations moving markedly between representations in a , b are indicated by dotted arrows the genetic relationships among populations and that these genetic relationships reflect the progression of the infestation from older to younger populations . STRUCTURE ( Pritchard et al . 2000 ) was used to analyze all populations in terms of the coalescent structure of the genetic variation ( not to assign samples to genetic populations per se ) . The ln probability of the data , for each replicate at each value of k , was summarized using STRUCTURE HARVESTER ( Earl and vonHoldt 2011 ) . Ln Pr ( X | k ) increased with each value of k and did not have a clear maximum . Although typical of many datasets , this pattern is precisely that which would be expected from a process of continual population splitting from a single initial source . The method of Evanno et al . ( 2005 ) indicated an optimal DK at k = 2 . Since this method can not evaluate k = 1 , it is therefore probable that the ' true ' k = 1 - again indicating that the entire epidemic likely results from single introduced MG . A secondary maximum DK was observed at k = 4 , and this value was therefore examined as an indicator of possible sub-structure in the data . It is important to remember that this does not imply that the P . ramorum epidemic in California consists of four genetic populations , but simply that there are four marked divisions or clades within the population branching process that led to the current distribution . ( Determination of k and bar-plots for k = 4 are given in supplemental Figs . 1 and 2 ) .

The following microsatellite loci were genotyped : PrMS39a , PrMS39b , PrMS43a , PrMS43b , PrMS45 ( Prospero et al . 2007 ) , locus 18 , locus 64 ( Ivors et al . 2006 ) and loci ILVO145PrMS145 ( a , c ) ( Vercauteren et al . 2010 ) . For the full genotyping methodology see the Supplementary data .

Even though IHR 2005 never expressly requires the sharing of biological samples , a good faith interpretation of IHR 2005 in light of its object and purpose acknowledges a duty to share such samples for surveillance purposes . An opposite interpretation could lead to a manifestly absurd or unreasonable result , which treaty interpretation principles do not support . This interpretation of IHR 2005 also is compatible with CBD because IHR 2005 requires sample sharing for risk assessment purposes , not risk management activities . Thus , the sharing mandate in IHR 2005 does not preclude WHO and its member states from crafting arrangements to improve access to benefi ts , such as vaccines , derived from samples shared for surveillance purposes .

Supporting this interpretation is a WHA resolution adopted in May 2006 , which called upon WHO member states " to comply immediately , on a voluntary basis , with provisions of the IHR 2005 considered relevant to the risk posed by avian infl uenza and pandemic infl uenza " ( para . 1 ) ( 23 ) . This resolution urged WHO member states " to disseminate to WHO collaborating centres information and relevant biological materials related to highly pathogenic avian infl uenza and other novel infl uenza strains in a timely and consistent manner " ( para . 4 [ 5 ] ) . The encouragement to share biological materials with WHO could be considered authoritative guidance from WHO 's highest policymaking body about the scope of the obligation to share public health information with WHO with respect to all events that might constitute a PHEIC .

Using CBD as a template in the context of infl uenza virus samples may be questionable on other grounds ( 18 ) . The defi nitions of biological resources and genetic resources emphasize that the resources in question should be of actual or potential use or value for humanity . When these defi nitions are read in conjunction with CBD 's principles , this potential use or value for humanity is understood to derive from the protection , conservation , and sustainable use of the resources in question . CBD uses the principle of sovereignty as a regulatory instrument to achieve these goals . The use or value for humanity of infl uenza viruses comes from their widespread sharing for surveillance and vaccine development purposes because of the global threat such viruses pose . In this context , the principle of sovereignty central to the CBD approach is not a useful basis for facilitating timely and comprehensive sharing that global health governance requires .

State practice under CBD supports the conclusion that CBD does not apply to avian infl uenza virus . States parties to CBD have addressed avian infl uenza , not as a biological resource subject to CBD but as a threat to biological diversity . CBD discussions of avian infl uenza have considered its potential impact on wildlife , and the CBD process emphasized that surveillance is critical for combating avian infl uenza 's threat to biological diversity . Surveillance suffers without sharing information and samples of avian infl uenza viruses ( 17 ) . Rather than protecting biological diversity , as mandated by CBD , Indonesia 's withholding virus samples from global surveillance efforts jeopardizes biological diversity in addition to population health .

Thus , the biological and genetic materials of primary CBD concern are indigenous resources in which governments , communities , and persons have invested time , effort , and resources to protect , cultivate , understand , and use . CBD provides that " States have sovereign rights over their own biological resources " ( preamble [ emphasis added ] ) . In short , companies in the industrialized world were unjustly enriching themselves by profi ting from previous efforts made in the developing country .

Whether sharing obligations arose under customary international law when this controversy arose is also doubtful . To rise to the level of customary law , evidence must exist that states generally and consistently follow a practice out of a sense of legal obligation ( 12 ) . GISN has , however , functioned without much , if any , reference to international law , making it diffi cult to establish that countries shared samples with WHO because they felt legally obligated to do so .

The lion Panthera leo is one of the world 's most charismatic carnivores and is one of Africa 's key predators . Here , we used a large dataset from 357 lions comprehending 1.13 megabases of sequence data and genotypes from 22 microsatellite loci to characterize its recent evolutionary history . Patterns of molecular genetic variation in multiple maternal ( mtDNA ) , paternal ( Y-chromosome ) , and biparental nuclear ( nDNA ) genetic markers were compared with patterns of sequence and subtype variation of the lion feline immunodeficiency virus ( FIV ( Ple ) ) , a lentivirus analogous to human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) . In spite of the ability of lions to disperse long distances , patterns of lion genetic diversity suggest substantial population subdivision ( mtDNA Φ ( ST ) = 0.92 ; nDNA F ( ST ) = 0.18 ) , and reduced gene flow , which , along with large differences in sero-prevalence of six distinct FIV ( Ple ) subtypes among lion populations , refute the hypothesis that African lions consist of a single panmictic population . Our results suggest that extant lion populations derive from several Pleistocene refugia in East and Southern Africa ( ∼ 324,000 – 169,000 years ago ) , which expanded during the Late Pleistocene ( ∼ 100,000 years ago ) into Central and North Africa and into Asia . During the Pleistocene / Holocene transition ( ∼ 14,000 – 7,000 years ) , another expansion occurred from southern refugia northwards towards East Africa , causing population interbreeding . In particular , lion and FIV ( Ple ) variation affirms that the large , well-studied lion population occupying the greater Serengeti Ecosystem is derived from three distinct populations that admixed recently .

Researches in recent years indicated that dinucleotide biases can affect codon bias [ 20 ] . To study the possible effect of dinucleotide composition on codon usage of the PCV genome , the relative abundances of the 16 dinucleotides in genome of the 28 PCV strains were calculated ( Table 5 ) . The result show that the occurrences of dinucleotides are not randomly distributed and no dinucleotides were present at the expected frequencies .

In order to compare synonymous codon usage patterns between different PCV genomes from different genotype , we carried out analysis on codon usage of different PCV genotype with correspondence analysis ( CA ) . In correspondence analysis , the first dimension variable f ' 1 and the second dimension variable f ' 2 can reflect 39.87 and 23.83 percent of total mutation respectively . We can see from Figure 2 , except for two strains of PCV genotype I in deviation from the cluster , other all the strains of PCV genotype II lie in the same cluster and overlap partly with each other . Obviously , PCV genotype I and PCV genotype II lay in two independent areas , which demonstrate that codon usage between the different PCV genotype is of great significance . Meanwhile , PCV genotype II-A and PCV genotype II-B almost lie in the same area , but they have tiny difference ( Figure 2 ) , which suggests that different sub-genotype from the same PCV genotype have difference in the aspect of codon usage .

The characteristics of synonymous codon usage in PCV In order to investigate usage pattern of the PCV codons , we calculated various RSCU values of various codons from 28 different strains from different genotype . It can be seen from the three-dimension mesh plot of the analysis results of correspondence between 59 synonymous codons in the PCV genome ( See Figure 1 ) , range of Z axis ( f ' 1 ) is between 15 to 2.5 , which indicates that synonymous codons usage in the PCV genome is not balanced , that is to say , among all the 59 synonymous codons , a part of codon is rarely used , while others have higher usage frequency . Additionally , it can be seen from Table 1 that among 18 preferable codons , 12 ones have the end base of G or U , only 6 have the end base of A or C , and so those codons with the end base of G or U are prone to use in PCV genome . Nevertheless , compared with other vertebrate DNA viruses , PCV genome has lower GC % , from 48.35 % to 49.12 % , with an average content of 48.61 % and SD value of 0.19 ( Table 2 ) . And hence , the phenomenon , that in PCV genome GC content is lower while the condons with the end base of G is used in a way of bias , suggests that content of G or C as the end base of codons has effect on usage pattern of synonymous codons . Apart from this , we can also see from Table 2 , ENC values between PCV genomes has less fluctuation , with a range from 55.32 to 58.67 , and an average value of 56.80 and SD value of 0.85 , which indicates that codon bias of the PCV genome is stable .

Correspondence analysis is mainly used for detecting the changes of codon RSCU values in genes [ 39 ] . It is an effective multivariate statistical method of studying the internal relation between the variables and samples , and it is successfully applied to the study of codon . In correspondence analysis , all genes in samples are distributed in a 59 - dimensional ( 59 justice codons , in addition to the stop codon , Met , and Trp ) vector space , each gene is described with 59 ( f ' 1 , f ' 2 , ... , f ' 59 ) variables , the results can be applied for finding out the major factors affecting codon usage bias in genes [ 40 , 41 ] . This was done using the CodonW program .

The pigs were housed in 17 separate rooms that were independently operated from each other as described below . All individual rooms had anterooms with footbaths , a sink for hand and face washing , a storage area of 2.08 m 2 , and an animal housing area of 7.28 m 2 . Rooms were connected through a clean common hallway as shown in Fig . 1 . The floor of the animal housing area was constructed with solid concrete and each animal housing area had a single water line with two water nipples as a source of drinking water . Prior to introducing the pigs into the rooms , environmental swabs were collected from the floors and confirmed PEDV negative by rRT-PCR . Ventilation for all rooms was kept under negative differential pressure to the main corridor , having one air inlet and one exhaust vent per room . The air supply was conditioned with a 3 ply panel filter ( TRI-DEK ® 15 / 40 , TRI-DIM Filter Corp . , Louisa , VA , USA ) and 100 % of exhaust air was filtered through a HEPA filter ( XH Absolute HEPA filter , Camfil , Stockholm , Sweden ) .

In order to mitigate transmission of PEDV within and between farms , producers employ a range of biosecurity practices . These practices include disinfecting footwear and changing clothing of visitors or personnel prior to entering farm premises , washing and sanitizing delivery trucks or vehicles entering the farm , and controlling insects . Controlling transmission via feed can be done by using feed additives such as formaldehyde [ 13 ] and transmission via transport can be minimized by implementing proper cleaning and disinfection methods [ 14 ] . However , these implementations are not always practical or cost effective . The effectiveness of methods to mitigate transmission via farm personnel or contaminated fomites are less understood given that intervention strategies at the farm level have not been properly investigated . Furthermore , Stevenson et al . indicated that even shower-in / shower-out facilities with excellent biosecurity protocols also reported PEDV outbreaks [ 15 ] . Given the limited knowledge available on how biosecurity procedures may disrupt the transmission cycle of PEDV , the present study was undertaken to evaluate the effectiveness of biosecurity procedures directed at minimizing transmission via personnel following different biosecurity protocols using a controlled experimental setting .

Following the interaction period with pigs in the INF group , study personnel who were designated to LB rooms placed their used nitrile gloves , disposable plastic boots , bouffant cap and coveralls into a clean plastic bag while in the storage area of the INF room . LB room study personnel exited INF room through a soiled ( outside ) corridor and entered directly into the LB sentinel holding room through an exit door in the soiled corridor , without stepping into iodine footbaths ( Fig . 1 ) . The LB room study personnel re-donned their used PPE , including nitrile gloves , disposable plastic boots , bouffant cap and coveralls , in the LB anteroom area . Prior to initiating contact with LB sentinel pigs , each person collected four separate swab samples from their ( i ) used coveralls , ( ii ) used disposable plastic boots , ( iii ) used nitrile gloves , and ( iv ) used bouffant cap and face / hair area in the LB storage area . After collecting the swab samples , personnel collected rectal swab samples from LB room sentinel pigs and interacted with LB room sentinel pigs for 45 min as previously described . All study personnel designated to LB rooms did not wash their hands and face prior to contact with LB sentinel pigs . These movements were scheduled once a day for 9 more consecutive days and terminated after LB sentinel pigs tested positive for PEDV .

To guide One Health capacity building efforts in the Republic of Guinea in the wake of the 2014 â € " 2016 Ebola virus disease ( EVD ) outbreak , we sought to identify and assess the existing systems and structures for zoonotic disease detection and control . We partnered with the government ministries responsible for human , animal , and environmental health to identify a list of zoonotic diseases â € " rabies , anthrax , brucellosis , viral hemorrhagic fevers , trypanosomiasis and highly pathogenic avian influenza â € " as the country 's top priorities . We used each priority disease as a case study to identify existing processes for prevention , surveillance , diagnosis , laboratory confirmation , reporting and response across the three ministries . Results were used to produce disease-specific systems â € œmapsâ €  emphasizing linkages across the systems , as well as opportunities for improvement . We identified brucellosis as a particularly neglected condition . Past efforts to build avian influenza capabilities , which had degraded substantially in less than a decade , highlighted the challenge of sustainability . We observed a keen interest across sectors to reinvigorate national rabies control , and given the regional and global support for One Health approaches to rabies elimination , rabies could serve as an ideal disease to test incipient One Health coordination mechanisms and procedures . Overall , we identified five major categories of gaps and challenges : ( 1 ) Coordination ; ( 2 ) Training ; ( 3 ) Infrastructure ; ( 4 ) Public Awareness ; and ( 5 ) Research . We developed and prioritized recommendations to address the gaps , estimated the level of resource investment needed , and estimated a timeline for implementation . These prioritized recommendations can be used by the Government of Guinea to plan strategically for future One Health efforts , ideally under the auspices of the national One Health Platform . This work demonstrates an effective methodology for mapping systems and structures for zoonotic diseases , and the benefit of conducting a baseline review of systemic capabilities prior to embarking on capacity building efforts .

Current ICTV guidance on adenovirus taxonomy specifies species designation by phylogenetic distance , host range , DNA hybridization , nucleotide composition , cross-neutralization and gene organization at the right end of the viral genome [ 41 ] . With the exception of nucleotide composition and cross-neutralization , for which no data are available , our data and analysis of the Psittacine adenovirus HKU1 are consistent with it being a novel member of the genus Atadenovirus . Notably , the genome of the Psittacine adenovirus HKU1 has a higher G + C content than other Atadenovirus genomes , which might be viewed as a feature against its designation as a novel Atadenovirus . Indeed , the high A + T content of the first few identified Atadenoviruses was considered characteristic among adenoviruses and was the basis for naming the genus . Nonetheless , the snake adenovirus 1 , a member of the Atadenovirus , has a genomic G + C content of 50.2 % , which is lower than but comparable to the G + C content of 53.5 % for the Psittacine adenovirus HKU1 . Hence , we consider that the high genomic G + C content of the present Psittacine adenovirus HKU1 is not a major contraindication to its inclusion in the genus Atadenovirus .

PCR for the Psittacine adenovirus HKU1 was performed on specimens from four patients , including the whole blood and bronchoalveolar lavage of the index patient , the nasopharyngeal aspirate of two patients , and the sputum of one patient . None of the specimens were positive for this novel avian adenovirus .

RNeasy Micro Kit ( Qiagen , Valencia , CA ) ; a mixture of oligo ( dT 15 ) and random hexamers ( pdN6 ) as primers ; and AMV reverse transcriptase ( Promega , Madison , WI ) as previously described [ 4 , 20 ] . In vitro transcribed and infected cell RNA templates represent in vitro and in vivo replication , respectively . PCR amplification with HAV or CV specific primers was carried out in 50 l reactions using 5 l of each RT reaction as template or 5 ng of pHAV / 7 plasmid DNA as previously described [ 20 ] . PCR products ( 5 l ) were analyzed by agarose gel electrophoresis to confirm authenticity of product formation ( data not shown ) .

Oligonucleotide Arrays . All microarrays used in this study were manufactured by NimbleGen Systems Inc . ( Madison , WI ) using a maskless array synthesis ( MAS ) technology for in situ synthesis of DNA oligonucleotides directly onto glass microscopy slides [ 16 , 17 ] . Oligonucleotide design was based on available complete viral genome sequences obtained from GenBank for CV ( n = 25 ) , HAV ( n = 23 ) , Norovirus genogroup I ( n = 4 ) , Norovirus genogroup II ( n = 21 ) , rotavirus ( various species ) segments 3 ( n = 11 ) , 4 ( n = 19 ) , 8 ( n = 11 ) , and 11 ( n = 12 ) where n equals the number sequences obtained for each virus group . All genomic sequences within a virus group were aligned using CLUSTALX [ 22 ] , and dendrograms were generated and consensus sequences constructed based on these analyses . Examples of these dendrograms are shown for HAV and CV ( Figs . 1 , 2 , respectively ) . For the purpose of generating representative viral genomic sequences on which to base subsequent oligonucleotide designs , the HAV strains were clustered into 5 groups whose viral genome sequences were constructed as follows : i ) a consensus sequence based on the seven genotype Ib ( i.e. genotype I , subgenotype b ) strains that clustered into group 1 which includes the HAV HM175 / wt strain ( M14707 ) , ii ) a sequence derived from M20273 based on the pairing of M20273 and AF314208 ( genotype Ib sequences in group 2 ) , iii ) a sequence derived from the single HAV genotype II sequence ( IIb ) available ( AY032861 ) and assigned as group 3 , iv ) two consensus sequences based on either cluster group 4 or 5 derived from fourteen genotype Ia sequences that were clustered into either of these two groups . The three consensus sequences representing cluster groups 1 , 4 and 5 were obtained following a group sequence alignment and the assignment of the most frequently occurring nucleotide at positions containing nucleotide differences . The clustering of either one or two sequences within a group ( as in groups 3 and 2 , respectively ) resulted in the selection of a single sequence representing that group . Due to the highly diverse ( genetic ) nature of the CV genome sequences , clustering of strains for generating a group consensus sequence was only done for serotype strains B1 and B3 ( groups 1 and 2 , respectively ) . Four additional unique strain sequences were selected as representative sequences for broadly clustered strains identified as groups 3 - 6 . Viral genomic sequences ( approximately 3000 bases ) from either the 3 ' end of the HAV genome group sequences or the 5 ' end of the CV genome group sequences were submitted for design of a tiling oligonucleotide array consisting of oligonucleotides of length 29 , starting at every 5 th base in every sequence , resulting in an overlap of 24 bases in two consecutive oligonucleotides [ 15 ] . Similar methods were applied to the development and tiling of oligonucleotides as probes for norovirus and rotavirus sequences on the array . The resulting array contained approximately 13,000 viral probes .

Advances in microarray technology have allowed the identification of genetic variability over very long stretches of DNA in bacterial genomes [ 15 ] . These newly developed high density microarrays contain thousands to hundreds of thousands of oligonucleotide probes , instead of a few dozen , in a single array thereby expanding the power of identification [ 15 ] [ 16 ] [ 17 ] . In the current investigation we report the design and use of a high density oligonucleotide microarray for the identification of HAV and coxsackievirus ( CV ) , both foodborne human pathogens . Our results indicate that the microarray hybridization technique can be applied to the identification of viruses of differing genus and species present in a sample and detect single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNP ) to identify closely related viral strains belonging to the same species .

The more closely the target sequence matches the probe set , the stronger the hybridization signal . Diversity between and among probe sets representing virus strains within a group such as CV increases the power of discrimination ( due to heterogeneity ) particularly when the target is highly similar to one of the probe sets . This enables discrimination even at least at the strain level ( e.g. among strains within the same serotype group such as CV group B serotypes ) . This level of discrimination is lost when a target whose sequence is not represented by a probe set is not present on the array . Again , this has been shown to be problematic with highly ( genetically ) diverse viruses such as CV . However , despite the loss of serotype discrimination , the diverse nature of such viruses does still enable the differentiation between virus groups as shown between CVA and HAV , NV , and rotavirus .

probe hybridization ( normalized ) intensities for CVA3 and CVA5 derived targets compared to those values obtained following hybridization with a CVB1 target ( data not shown ) . As shown in Fig . ( 7 , panels B and C ) , this is also observed following conversion to average probe intensity . The peak average probe intensity for these hybridizations is approximately 2750 units and 900 units with CVA3 and CVA5 targets , respectively . The results indicate that in the absence of matching probe sets on the array the sequence heterogeneity between these CV targets and the existing probe sets precludes the establishment of any strong or efficient hybridization to a single probe set . It is important to note , however , that neither of these targets hybridizes with any significance to non-CV probe sets suggesting that the genetic diversity between CV targets and probe sets does not prevent or obscure virus target group ( i.e. CV ) identification . In addition , these hybridization profiles are not only distinct from B1 ( Fig . 7 ) but also from one another suggesting the possibility that unique hybridization profile patterns ( calculated as normalized and / or averaged probe intensity ) could be used for CV serotype target identification . The results from Fig . ( 7 ) also suggest that in a single experiment it is possible to identify whether a virus belongs to group A or group B . Indeed , identification of coxsackieviruses at the level of serotype strain may be possible without single nucleotide polymorphism ( SNP ) analysis and limited only by the number of probe sequences / sets present on the array .

The fact that the specific T may remain uncertain , while the conditions b and c may nevertheless be met points towards a final approach to the new Lombrosian vision , which stays neutral on the choice between competing causal models of crime , while retaining a broad criminological focus . 9 In this case , the T is limited to mapping epidemiological linkage between crime and detectable behavioural , biological or social factors , focusing on particularly burdened populations . Epidemiological studies using large samples have shown that a comparatively small group of individuals commit a large proportion of all violent crimes and that individuals in this group have exhibited disinhibitory behaviour early in life ( Moffit and Caspi , 2001 ; Moffitt et al . , 2002 ; Farrington et al . , 2013 ) . In a recent large Swedish longitudinal study ( Falk et al . , 2014 ) comprising 2,393,765 individuals , epidemiological analysis of data from multiple registers was used to isolate a very small portion of individuals responsible for a very large portion of persistent violent criminality , and these individuals were then typed in terms of various conditions and analysed further in comparisons to controls . The authors conclude :

The evidence base of the neurobiological version of the new Lombrosian vision is so far rather weak , and the methodological challenges to moving forward are partly similar as in the genetic case . A substantial limitation is the small sample size and the absence of controls in studies held out by neurocriminology advocates-as when the volume of the amygdala has been assessed in a small number of extremely violent offenders and proposed as evidence for this to be a neurological determinant of the crimes of these people , without any data on the fate of other people with comparable amygdala volumes , or the amygdala volumes of other comparable offenders ( Raine , 2013 ) . As the authors of a very recent overview conclude :

It is not unlikely that the last-mentioned development will make use of findings from the rapidly advancing field of neuroscience , as specific structures , processes and / or components of the brain and nervous system may be easier to link to specific genetic factors than complex psychiatric diagnoses or behavioural patterns . Even if there is a significant degree of interaction between genetic and environmental factors , the latter may be specific enough to still allow for early detection together with genetic analyses ( Pettersson et al . , 2013 ) . If the thus predicted symptoms also substantially increase the risk of future criminality , a genetic T has been established . However , even without the genetic component , neuroscientific findings may by themselves serve as a T . This is the new Lombrosian vision of neurocriminology ( Raine , 2013 ; Glenn and Raine , 2014 ) , where particular neuobiological phenomena are thought to be substantial parts of the cause of criminality , thus possible to detect in order to assess the risk of future criminal behaviour . Such a T would not facilitate the far-reaching prospect of selecting against future people on the basis of forensic risk promised by the genetic approach , albeit some structures might possibly be available for inspection prenatally .

Two types of errors could be made in evaluating two sequences : A ) deciding they were the same when they were actually different , and B ) deciding they were different when they were actually the same . The probability of these errors was determined empirically using the data shown in Figure 2 and Table 1 , respectively . According to Figure 2 , 99 % , 98 % , 97 % , 95 % , and 90 % of the P1-P2 pairs of all 101 serotypes had . 7 % , . 8 % , . 9 % , . 10 % and . 12 % pairwise nucleotide divergence , respectively . As shown in Table 1 ( last column ) , the pairwise nucleotide divergence of all P1-P2 pairs between clinical isolates and the respective reference serotypes was consistently # 8 % . Therefore , a threshold of 9 % is associated with probabilities of , 3 % and , 1 % for errors A and B , respectively .

Cloning and sequencing of the 5 ' NCR of 101 reference HRV serotypes To establish a reference sequence database for molecular typing , we cloned and sequenced the 5 ' NCR of all 101 HRV serotypes . Detailed viral RNA preparation , RT-PCR , cloning and sequencing procedure have been described elsewhere [ 33 ] . Briefly , total nucleic acids were prepared from 100 ml of infected cell lysate by phenol extraction and ethanol precipitation . RT ( reverse transcription ) - PCR was performed in a RT-PCR mix ( Invitrogen 11922 - 028 ) using the following conditions : 30 min at 50 uC , 2 min at 94 uC , 33 cycles of ( 30 sec at 94 uC , 30 sec at 50 uC , 60 sec at 68 uC ) and 5 min at 68 uC . The PCR primer pairs were forward primer P1-1 ( CAAGCACTTCTGTYWCCCC ) for all serotypes and a serotype-specific reverse primer . Primer P1-1 was designed within the conserved P1 region ( Figure 1 ) . The reverse primer was selected for each of the 101 serotypes within a region corresponding to bases 1000 - 1100 of HRV16 near the 5 ' end of VP2 gene ( Figure 1 ) according to published sequences [ 29 ] . The PCR product , a DNA fragment of about 900 bp covering 75 % of the 5 ' NCR , complete VP4 gene and about 200 bases of VP2 gene ( PCR fragment A of Figure 1 ) , was isolated by agarose gel electrophoresis . After the agarose was removed by phenol extraction , PCR fragments were treated with kinase , ligated to a StuI-linearized plamsid vector pMJ3 , and then transformed into E . coli . Three plasmids with PCR fragment inserted were isolated for each serotype , amplified and purified . Each viral DNA fragment was completely sequenced ( Automated DNA Sequencing Facility , U . Wisconsin ) . The serotype identity of each sequence was verified by matching of its VP4 / VP2 sequence to the respective published sequence [ 29 ] .

Selection of the target region To identify a genomic region suitable for molecular typing of HRV , we analyzed all published HRV sequences . These included complete genome sequences of 8 serotypes ( 1 B , 2 , 9 , 14 , 16 , 39 , 85 and 89 ) [ 45 , 46 , 47 , 48 , 49 , 50 , 51 , 52 ] [ 28 , 29 , 30 ] , 3 D ( RNA polymerase ) sequences of 48 serotypes [ 53 ] and partial 5 ' NCR sequences of 37 serotypes [ 54 , 55 , 56 ] . Careful alignment analysis of these sequences showed that only the 5 ' NCR region had highly conserved sequences ( P1 , P2 and P3 regions , Figure 1 ) that could be used for making pan-HRV primers , and a long variable sequence ( P1-P2 , Figure 1 ) suitable for serotype differentiation . However , 5 ' NCR sequences were available for only a fraction of 101 serotypes .

Pairwise sequence alignment , multiple sequence alignment , % identity calculation , distance ( divergence ) calculation , phylogenetic tree reconstruction and bootstrap analysis were performed using software Clustal61 . 8.3 [ 43 , 44 ] . In a typical analysis , the input sequences were first processed to produce a multiple alignment and matrixes of identity and distances ( divergence ) between all sequence pairs . The distance matrix was used by the neighbor joining method to produce an unrooted phylogenetic tree with branch length proportional to the divergence of the sequences . The confidence of the clustering of sequences was evaluated by bootstrapping ( 1000 replicates ) . Bootstrap values of . 700 ( 70 % ) indicate the highly significant clustering , whereas values , 500 ( 50 % ) indicate that the clustering is not statistically significant . The phylogenetic tree with bootstrap values was visualized using software NJplot .

In this report we demonstrate that the pool of circulating HRV strains is significantly larger than the collection of 101 known serotypes . Less than half of the HRV detected in these young infants corresponded to previously recognized serotypes ( Table 3 ) , and 54 are previously unrecognized HRVs belonging to 26 new strains ( Table 4 ) . Moreover , 9 of the strains form a new genetic group " C " that is distinct from the previously defined groups HRVA and HRVB and the human enteroviruses ( Figure 5 ) . The remaining 17 new strains cluster into existing distant or new branches in HRVA group ( Figure 4 ) . Interestingly , none of the new viruses grew in standard tissue culture , which may explain why these viruses were previously undetected .

LF is a multifunctional protein present in external secretions , including saliva , tears , milk , nasal and bronchial secretions , gastrointestinal fluids and urine mucosal secretions , and is an important constituent of the neutrophilic granules of leukocytes [ 9 ] . LF possesses strong antiviral activity against a broad spectrum of RNA and DNA viruses , such as Sindbis virus [ 10 ] , cytomegalovirus [ 11 , 12 ] , herpes simplex virus [ 13 ] , Semliki forest virus [ 14 ] , human polyomavirus [ 15 ] , human papillomavirus [ 16 ] , echovirus [ 17 ] , human immunodeficiency virus [ 18 ] and rotavirus [ 19 ] . These viruses typically utilize common molecules on the cell membrane to facilitate their invasion into cells . These molecules , including heparan sulfate proteoglycans ( HSPGs ) , provide the first anchoring sites on the cell surface and help the virus make primary contact with host cells [ 20 ] . It has been shown that LF is able to prevent the internalization of some viruses by binding to HSPGs , which is present on most cells [ 21 ] . This property of LF confers protection to the host against viral infections . Based on these findings , we hypothesize that another underlying mechanism for the anti-SARS-CoV effect of LF involves its capability to bind to the extensively distributed HSPGs molecule on host cells . Our results indicate that HSPGs provide the preliminary docking sites on the cell surface and play an important role in the process of SARS pseudovirus cell entry . LF can block the infection of SARS pseudovirus by binding to HSPGs , suggesting that it may exert a protective role in host immune defense against SARS-CoV invasion .

It has been revealed that LF is highly up-regulated ( by 150 fold ) in the peripheral blood mononuclear cells of SARS patients [ 8 ] . LF is usually present in plasma and external secretions and exerts a wide variety of biological functions , such as inhibiting infection by microbes , including bacteria , viruses , protozoa and fungi . LF is a highly conserved protein , with approximately 70 % sequence homology between the bovine and human forms [ 54 ] . Therefore , bovine LF is often utilized as a substitute for human LF because of their similar functions [ 55 , 56 ] . Our results suggest that LF can inhibit the entry of SARS pseudovirus into HEK293E / ACE2-Myc cells in a dose-dependent manner . LF does not disrupt the interaction between the spike protein and the ACE2 receptor in vitro . However , LF inhibits spike protein binding to HEK293E / ACE2-Myc cells . The target molecules on the cell membrane that LF interacts with are HSPGs . Previous three-dimensional structure analyses have revealed that LF carries highly cationic charge on its molecular surface , particularly in the N-terminal domain [ 57 ] . The highly positive surface charge is a characteristic feature of this multifunctional protein . Many studies have demonstrated that LF binds to HSPGs on the cell membrane with a high affinity through its N-terminal glycosaminoglycanbinding domain [ 58 , 59 ] . HSPGs are composed of a core protein that is covalently connected with linear , polysulfated heparan sulfate polysaccharides . Due to their abundant carboxyl and sulfate groups , HSPGs are a major source of the highly negatively charged macromolecules that surround almost all mammalian cells [ 51 ] . This strong net negative charge permits HSPGs to bind to the N-terminal glycosaminoglycan-binding domain of LF through electrostatic attraction [ 58 ] . Our experiments revealed that LF-mediated inhibition of SARS-CoV infection occurs Figure 8 . HSPGs are also involved in VSV-G virus cell entry . HEK293E / ACE2-Myc cells were treated with 10 mM LF , 10 mM heparin or 10 U of heparinase I , respectively , in the same way . And the same methods were used for the subsequent assay as described above . GFPexpressing cells in the total population were analyzed by flow cytometry . The relative viral infection ratio was measured by comparing the percentage of GFP expressing cells of each group to that of the control . Error bars represent the SD of three independent experiments . * * * P , 0.001 and * * P , 0.01 . doi : 10.137 1 / journal . pone . 0023710 . g008 through LF competitively localizing to the SARS-CoV anchoring sites provided by HSPGs . The binding of LF to HSPGs prevented preliminary contact between SARS-CoV and host cells and , thus , prevented subsequent cell entry . In summary , LF may exert its protective functions against SARS-CoV invasion in two ways at the same time . On the one hand , as reported in previous research , LF enhances NK cell activity and stimulates neutrophil aggregation and adhesion in immune defense [ 8 ] ; on the other hand , LF curtails the entry of SARS-CoV into host cells during SARS-CoV infection . LF may have potential therapeutic applications as a drug candidate for the treatment of SARS disease .

Previous studies have established that LF mediates inhibition of some viral infections by interfering with virus-cell interactions after binding to the widespread family of cell-surface molecules , the HSPGs [ 32 ] [ 33 ] [ 34 ] . HSPGs are complex macromolecules consisting of unbranched heparan sulfate ( HS ) polysaccharide chains , composed of repeating disaccharide subunits of hexuronic acid and hexosamine , covalently linked to the core protein through Oglycosidic linkages [ 20 ] . The binding of LF to HSPGs prevents the first contact between virus and host cells and thus prevents subsequent infection . To ascertain whether LF interacts with the cell-surface HSPG molecules , we used heparin to interfere with the binding of LF to target cells . Due to their similar structural compositions , exogenous heparin has been widely utilized as a soluble HS analog to competitively inhibit the interaction between HSPGs and their ligands [ 35 ] . Prior to incubation with Oregon Green-labeled LF , HEK293E / ACE2-Myc cells were treated with heparin at different concentrations . The MFI was analyzed to detect the amount of LF binding for each group . As shown in Figure 3 B , exogenous heparin efficiently prevented LF binding to HEK293E / ACE2-Myc cells , indicating that LF localizes to the cell surface mainly through interactions with HSPGs .

Severe acute respiratory syndrome ( SARS ) is an infectious disease that emerged in Guangdong Province , China in November 2002 [ 1 ] . This deadly disease rapidly spread to many countries around the world , with a mortality rate of approximately 10 % . SARS presents as an atypical pneumonia that often leads to acute respiratory distress syndrome and respiratory failure , the main cause of death [ 2 ] . This unusual infectious disease has become a major threat to public health and social stability since its outbreak . To date , there is no effective therapeutic strategy or preventive vaccine available for the treatment of SARS .

The ability of a virus to develop an infection or to be cleared is given by the basic reproductive ratio R 0 = » kp d ́ c . R 0 represents the number of productively infected cells newly generated by one productively infected cell . With R 0 > 1 the infection grows due to an increase in virus-producing infected cells while R 0 < 1 refers to a decrease in productively infected cells and viral clearance ( Nowak and May , 2001 ) .

Alveolar recruitment , obtained through positive endexpiratory pressure ( PEEP ) and / or lung recruiting maneuvers ( LRMs ) , has been used to improve hypoxemia in patients with ARDS since the early 1970s , just after the first description of the syndrome [ 30 ] . At present , the aim of alveolar recruitment is not only to improve oxygenation but also to prevent VALI by minimizing tidal alveolar opening and collapse ( atelectrauma ) [ 31 ] . However , despite a myriad of clinical and translational studies and three large clinical trials , the effectiveness of recruitment remains controversial [ 32 ] [ 33 ] [ 34 ] [ 35 ] . One " simple " reason is that clinicians lack bedside methods to quantify alveolar recruitment and its impact on VILI . Hence , decisions are based on surrogates , such as arterial oxygenation , endinspiratory plateau pressure , or driving pressure . Electrical impedance tomography ( EIT ) , lung ultrasound , and the stress index have been proposed to monitor alveolar recruitment , but are seldom used in clinical practice [ 11 , 36 ] .

Heating and humidifying the inspiratory gas with heated humidifiers or heat and moisture exchangers compensates for the bypassed humidification / heating mechanisms and prevents associated complications [ 26 ] . Heat and moisture exchangers are widely used because of low cost , simple handling , and condensate elimination from the breathing circuit . However , they increase dead space and airway resistance , as well as work of breathing during assisted ventilation with the risk of hypercapnia [ 27 ] . In ARDS patients , heated humidifiers but not heat and moisture exchangers can safely reduce PaCO 2 without changing ventilator settings [ 28 ] . In 17 acute lung injury ( ALI ) / ARDS patients V T was significantly reduced using heated humidifiers [ 29 ] . These findings question the use of heat and moisture exchangers in ARDS patients , where the primary target is to provide the optimum lung-protective ventilation .

Increasing inspiratory time has been suggested to improve oxygenation . The effect of a high I : E ratio in hypoxemic ARDS patients is related to the resultant increase in intrinsic PEEP ( PEEPi ) , improved ventilation of units with long time constants , and alveolar recruitment secondary to increased mean airway pressure ( M PAW ) [ 22 ] . The results regarding the effect of different I : E ratios are conflicting [ 22 , 23 ] . Reported positive effects have been ascribed to the shortening of expiratory time , increased M PAW and PEEPi [ 24 ] . Using extrinsic PEEP is perhaps the more physiological approach as it maintains a controlled and constant level . Moreover , the impact of an inconstant PEEPi on the " stress / strain × time product " for the pathogenesis of VALI calls for caution [ 25 ] .

After the birds were vaccinated , sera were collected and identified by ELISA , the antibody titer was kept ascending slowly , on 10 days after the second immunization reached to a considerable level , even better before challenge , but none in the control group 4 ( unvaccinated but challenged ) .

From unhealthy birds suspected of IBV infection in the vaccinated chicken farms from Guangdong , Guangxi , Fujian , Hainan , Jiangsu , Zhejiang , Chongqing , Hubei , Sichuan and Jiangxi province of China , 221 filed IBV strains isolated during 2008 - 2010 were confirmed by RT-PCR , including 214 strains isolated from broilers , and 7 strains from broiler breeder . The isolation rates in the three years were season-dependent to some extent , 58 strains were isolated in early summer ( April and May ) and 99 strains were isolated in fall and winter ( from September to January ) . The ages of flocks at the time of the outbreak varied between 4 and 70 days . Nearly half ( 110 / 221 ) of the isolated strains were isolated from the chickens between 10 to 30 days of age , seven strains below 10 days , and six strains above 60 days . Eighty of the 221 isolates have been molecular analyzized to be mainly A2-like strains [ 4 ] .

The spike tip glycoprotein ( S1 ) of virus particle has direct relation to induce virus neutralizing antibody , and determines the cross-protection [ 10 , 11 ] Additionally , the effectiveness of vaccination program using the common field strains practically against IB was also verified .

Baseline assumptions result in 584 to 1320 lost workdays for 15 % and 35 % incidence rates respectively ( Table 1 ) . The lost work time was 1.2 % to 2.7 % of maximal capacity at the time of estimated peak pandemic impact ( week 4 ) . An estimated 88 % of lost workdays arose from illness not requiring hospitalisation , 8 % from hospitalised cases , and 4 % from deaths caused by influenza ( when using the 35 % incidence rate ) .

Vector-borne flaviviruses are emerging threats to human health . For successful transmission , the virus needs to efficiently enter mosquito cells , replicate within , and escape several tissue barriers while mosquitoes elicit major transcriptional responses to flavivirus infection . This process will not only be affected by the specific mosquito-pathogen pairing , but also variation in key environmental variables such as temperature . Thus far , few studies have examined the molecular responses triggered by temperature and how these responses modify infection outcomes despite substantial evidence showing strong relationships between temperature and transmission in a diversity of systems . To define the host transcriptional changes associated with temperature variation during the early infection process , we compared the transcriptome of mosquito midgut samples from mosquitoes exposed to Zika virus ( ZIKV ) and non-exposed mosquitoes housed at three different temperatures ( 20 , 28 , and 36 { degrees } C ) . While the high temperature samples did not have significant changes from standard rearing conditions ( 28 { degrees } C ) 48 hr post-exposure , the transcriptome profile of mosquitoes housed at 20 { degrees } C was dramatically different . The expression of genes most altered by the cooler temperature involved aspects of blood-meal digestion , ROS metabolism , and mosquito innate immunity . Further , we did not find significant differences in the viral RNA copy number between 24 and 48 hr post-exposure at 20 { degrees } C , suggesting ZIKV replication is limited by cold-induced changes to the mosquito midgut environment . In ZIKV-exposed mosquitoes , vitellogenin , a lipid carrier protein , was the most up-regulated at 20 { degrees } C . Our results provide a deeper understanding of the temperature-triggered transcriptional changes in Aedes aegypti and can be used to further define the molecular mechanisms driven by environmental temperature variation . \ n \ nContribution to the Field StatementA variety of methods for engineering refractory mosquitoes are currently being studied and show promise for disease control . Although considerable effort has been put into understanding the immune system of mosquitoes in response to infections , almost nothing is understood about environmental influences in regulating these responses . Here , we used RNA sequencing to study the effect of temperature on the mosquito transcriptome profile , as well as assess the changes in the immune response to ZIKV infection at three different temperatures . We found a remarkable effect of temperature on the transcriptome profile of mosquitoes exposed to cool conditions ( 20 { degrees } C ) after imbibing a blood meal , as well as accumulation of transcripts involved with different mechanisms associated with blood meal digestion , metabolism , and some components of the immune response in mosquitoes . Our results provide new insights in potential mechanisms that limit temperature-driven pathogen establishment and replication within the mosquito vector .

In summary , " simple " and global parameters ( PaO 2 , SaO 2 , SvO 2 , lactate ) are imprecise surrogates for hypoxia in ARDS patients . However an individualized , organ-specific approach for monitoring of hypoxemia is currently not available . Therefore a target for conservative arterial oxygenation is recommended ( PaO 2 = 65 - 75 mmHg , SaO 2 = 90 - 95 % ) , which should be bundled in a general " organ failure prevention " strategy .

Hypoxemia and tissue hypoxia could be detected by PaO 2 , SaO 2 , serum lactate , and central venous oxygen saturation ( SvO 2 ) , which are global measurements , and the extent to which these flow / volume-average-weighted measurements reflect organ hypoxia remains unknown . In clinical practice the definition of " hypoxemia " is often based on one or more of these global values , and currently no parameter for the precise assessment of tissue hypoxia in the individual patient is available . Since inadequate tissue oxygenation as well as excessive oxygen administration ( with expression of oxygen reactive species ) can both be harmful [ 7 ] , a careful balance based on precise control of arterial oxygenation including the acceptance of a " safe " threshold may avoid deleterious hypoxia as well as hyperoxia-associated injury . It remains to be evaluated in further studies whether selected biomarkers may help identify tissue hypoxia in the individual patient .

Conservative fluid management during ARDS with the use of furosemide was associated with improved lung function and reduced duration of mechanical ventilation without increasing nonpulmonary organ failures [ 83 ] , although there was no significant difference in the primary outcome of 60 - day mortality . Furthermore , a single-center study suggested that early treatment with hemofiltration as a rescue treatment for patients with ARDS may reduce cytokine levels and systemic inflammatory response , improve cardiac function , and decrease extravascular lung water index , all of which were associated with improved outcomes [ 84 ] ; however , larger trials are needed . A 65 - patient single-center trial published in Chinese found that patients randomized to continuous high-volume hemofiltration had better oxygenation , reduced duration of mechanical ventilation , and improved survival compared with standard care [ 85 ] .

Despite significant improvements in oxygenation , inhaled nitric oxide ( iNO ) does not reduce mortality in patients with ARDS regardless of the severity of hypoxemia , and it may increase the risk of renal impairment [ 80 ] . A recent meta-analysis which included nine randomized trials ( n = 1142 patients ) with no between-trial heterogeneity ( I = 0 % ) showed that iNO did not reduce mortality in patients with severe ARDS ( risk ratio 1.01 ; 95 % CI 0.78 - 1.32 ) nor in mild-moderate ARDS ( risk ratio 1.12 ; 95 % CI 0.89 - 1.42 ) [ 81 ] . Moreover , analysis of PaO 2 / FiO 2 ratio subgroups ranging from 70 to 200 mmHg did not identify a threshold for which iNO reduces mortality [ 80 ] . The effectiveness , safety , and cost of inhaled epoprostenol ( iEPO ) versus iNO was addressed by a retrospective single-center study of 105 patients [ 82 ] , but there were no between-group differences in several clinical and outcome parameters .

In ARDS patients with a PaO 2 / FiO 2 ratio lower than 150 mmHg early treatment with continuous infusion of cisatracurium for 48 h reduces 90 - day mortality and barotrauma and increases the number of ventilator-free days and the number of days outside the ICU without increasing the risk of ICU-acquired weakness [ 74 ] . The precise mechanism resulting in improved outcomes is not clear . In terms of lung mechanics , better synchrony may lead to more-uniform lung recruitment and improved compliance , gas exchange , and systemic oxygenation . With respect to lung inflammation , it is plausible that improved control of inspiratory volumes and pressures reduces volutrauma , while better control of expiratory volumes and pressures reduces atelectrauma ; the result is less pulmonary and systemic inflammation [ 75 ] . According to the study protocol , clinicians did not monitor the depth of paralysis with peripheral nerve stimulation , but rather when plateau pressures exceeded 32 cmH 2 O ( for more than 10 min , despite increased sedation ) an intravenous bolus of cisatracurium was administered . The outcome benefit for rescue therapy with neuromuscular blockade is applicable only to cisatracurium besylate and not to all neuromuscular blocking agents . Optimal dosing and monitoring strategies will need to be further studied .

To diagnose sepsis resulting from invasive candidiasis , early BCs and laboratory examinations ( e.g. , 2 - d-Glucan ) are recommended . Open lung biopsy should not be performed to demonstrate the presence of diffuse alveolar damage , but only considered if there is high clinical suspicion of contributive results for ( risky ) empirical therapy or when empirical therapy has failed [ 70 ] . Immunosuppressed patients are at high risk of invasive pulmonary aspergillosis . In these patients BAL galactomannan levels in CT-suspected areas are more sensitive and specific than in serum [ 71 ] . New diagnostic methods using lateral flow devices might enable bedside diagnoses in the future [ 72 ] .

Major causes of ARDS are infections . Blood cultures ( BC : 2 × 2 pair e30 ml blood volume , sterile conditions , before anti-infective treatment ) are essential clinical diagnostics . A specific anti-infective strategy based on culture results is more effective compared to empiric broadspectrum treatment [ 60 ] . New techniques ( e.g. , polymerase chain reaction [ PCR ] and deoxyribonucleic acid [ DNA ] amplification , microarray and / or matrix-assisted laser desorption / ionization [ MALDI ] ) shortening total run time to less than 8 h are available [ 61 , 62 ] .

GST pulldown assay . The Rab5-binding domain ( R5BD ) of Rabaptin5 was first cloned into pGEX-4T-1 plasmids encoding the fusion protein GST-R5BD in Escherichia coli BL21 , and expression was induced with 0.1 mM isopropyl- $ - D-thiogalactopyranoside ( IPTG ) . GST-R5BD was then affinity purified by use of glutathione Sepharose 4 B beads ( Amersham Pharmacia Biotech ) and quantified by SDS-PAGE . Cells were transfected with Rab5 proteins ( Rab5wt , Rab5S34N , and Rab5Q79L ) at 37 ° C for 24 h , followed by treatment with PHEV , and then collected and lysed for 15 min in lysis buffer ( 25 mM HEPES [ pH 7.4 ] , 100 mM NaCl , 5 mM MgCl 2 , 1 mM EDTA , 1 mM dithiothreitol [ DTT ] , 0.1 % NP-40 , 20 % glycerol , and 0.1 % protease inhibitor ) . To measure Rab5 GTPase activation in response to PHEV infection , the virus was preabsorbed into the cells at 37 ° C for 24 h , and then the cells were collected and lysed ; guanosine gamma thiophosphate ( GTP % S ) was added to partial lysates to activate small G proteins as a positive control . After being clarified by centrifugation at 10,000 ë g for 10 min at 4 ° C , the lysates were incubated with the purified GST-R5BD protein at 4 ° C overnight on a rotating mixer . The resin was subsequently rinsed with the lysis buffer and resuspended in SDS loading buffer , and Western blotting was subsequently performed .

Uptake assays . Cells grown on coverslips were left untreated or pretreated with the corresponding inhibitors and then incubated with PHEV plus 50 g / ml Tf-AF594 , PHEV plus 50 g / ml CTB-AF555 , PHEV plus 50 g / ml Dx-AF488 , or PHEV alone on ice for 15 to 30 min , after which they were shifted to 37 ° C and incubated for 60 min . For the CTB and Dx assays , noninternalized PHEV , CTB-AF555 , and Dx-AF488 were removed by washing the cells with PBS three times and adding 0.5 ml of room-temperature 0.25 % trypsin ; 1 min later , we removed the trypsin , washed the cells with cold complete medium twice , fixed them with cold 0.4 % paraformaldehyde in PBS , and analyzed the fixed cells by IFA with the indicated antibodies . For the transferrin assay , we removed the substrate-containing medium by washing the cells with PBS three times and then incubating them for 2 min in cold stripping buffer ( 150 mM NaCl , 20 mM HEPES , 5 mM KCl , 1 mM CaCl 2 , 1 mM MgCl 2 [ pH 5.5 ] ) ; after washing the cells with cold PBS , we proceeded with IFA .

Plasmids for wild-type ( WT ) sequences and dominant active ( DA ) and dominant negative ( DN ) mutant sequences were constructed using conventional cloning techniques . To determine the infectivity of PHEV in cells , we pretransfected the plasmids into Neuro-2a cells by using X-tremeGENE HP DNA transfection reagent ( Roche , Sweden ) according to the manufacturer 's instructions . For the RNA interference assay , siRNAs against the clathrin heavy chain ( siCHC ) ( 5 = - UGACAAAGGUGGAUAAAUU-3 = ) , caveolin-1 ( siCav1 ) ( 5 = - GCAGUUGUACCAUGCAUUA-3 = ) , Rab5 ( siRab5 ) ( 5 = - CCAGGAAGCACAGUCCUAU-3 = ) , and Rab7 ( siRab7 ) ( 5 = - GUACAAAGCCACAAUAGGA-3 = ) were designed based on the full-length mRNA sequences ( accession numbers NM _ 028504.1 , NM _ 007616.4 , AB232593 . 1 , and AB232599 . 1 ) . An siRNA with a control sequence irrelevant to all known genes ( siCtrl ) ( 5 = - UUCUCCGAACGUGUCACGU-3 = ) was also designed and synthesized . Neuro-2a cells were transfected with the appropriate siRNA by use of X-tremeGENE siRNA transfection reagent according to the manufacturer 's instructions , and the knockdown efficiencies were quantified by Western blotting . Subsequent experiments were performed 48 h after transfection .

Cytotoxicity assay and drug administration . Cells were seeded in 96 - well plates at a density of 2 ë 10 5 cells / well , grown for 24 h , and then treated with endocytosis inhibitors at the indicated concentrations for 1 h . After two washes with DMEM , 10 l of CCK-8 solution was added to 100 l of DMEM in each well of the 96 - well plate and incubated at 37 ° C for 1 h , and the absorbance at 450 nm was measured with a microplate reader . The experiment was carried out in triplicate , and error bars in figures represent standard deviations ( SD ) . The concentrations of all chemical reagents used in this study did not cause significant cytotoxic effects on cell viability ( Table 1 ) . Confluent monolayers of Neuro-2a cells grown in 12 - well plates were washed twice with PBS and pretreated with the appropriate concentration of each drug for 60 min . The cultures were infected with PHEV for 1 h in the presence of the corresponding inhibitor and then washed twice with PBS and incubated for an additional 12 or 24 h at 37 ° C . At the indicated times , cells were processed for IFA , qRT-PCR , and Western blotting .

In summary , we conducted the first systematic study to dissect the internalization and intracellular trafficking mechanism of PHEV in Neuro-2a cells , and these findings are highly relevant for the development of future therapies directed at PHEV . To date , there are no specific antiviral drugs that have been shown to effectively treat PHEV infection . A better understanding of the molecular pathogenesis involved in porcine hemagglutinating encephalomyelitis is likely to open new approaches for the development of novel therapeutic strategies . However , for many aspects of PHEV infection , the underlying physiological processes remain to be characterized . To move forward , it is important to take advantage of powerful novel technologies , combined with improved assays for following a virus step by step through its replication cycle , to achieve unprecedented access to the underlying network of cellular factors involved . qRT-PCR and Western blotting . Total RNA was extracted using TRIzol reagent ( Invitrogen ) , and reverse transcription was performed using PrimeScript reverse transcriptase ( TaKaRa , Japan ) . qRT-PCR was conducted with FS Universal SYBR green master mix ( Roche ) on a CFX96 Touch real-time PCR PHEV particles may be transported along actin-rich protrusions to reach the cell surface , and internalization from the plasma membrane may be induced by the classical mechanism of CME . The individual particles are rapidly taken up , internalized into CCVs , and then transported to Rab5- , EEA1- , and NCAM-positive EEs in a clathrin- , dynamin-2- , Eps15- , and Rab5-dependent manner . Through endosome maturation , these viruscontaining endosomes acquire Rab7 and become luminal components of Rab7-and Rab9-positive LEs . Further transport to the Golgi apparatus occurs from the late compartments of the endocytic pathway , by an unknown mechanism , and the recycling endosomes are not essential in this process . The vacuolar ATPase ( v-ATPase ) is responsible for the acidification of the endosomal system , a process that is required for PHEV internalization and the subsequent transport steps . Early and late events in the entry pathway can be blocked by various inhibitors and other perturbants .

The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the . https://doi.org/10.1101/352898 doi : bioRxiv preprint actin polymer-stabilizing jasplakinolide ( Jas , J7473 ) were purchased from Thermo 190 Fisher Scientific ( USA ) . Endosome acidification inhibitor NH 4 Cl ( A9434 ) , 191 cholesterol depletion drug methyl-2-cyclodextrin ( M2CD , C4555 ) and 192 Cholesterol-Water Soluble ( C4951 ) were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich ( USA ) . The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the . https://doi.org/10.1101/352898 doi : bioRxiv preprint Cell viability assay and pH assessment . Viability of drug-treated cells was measured 218 using the WST-1 Cell proliferation and cytotoxicity assay kit ( Beyotime , Haimen , 219 China ) according to the manufacturer 's instructions . Cells were seeded in 96 - well 220 plate and treated with indicated drugs , 10 1 ⁄ 4 l of WST-1 was added to each well and 221 incubated for 1 h . The absorbance at 450 nm was monitored and the reference 222 wavelength was set at 630 nm . The viability of cells was calculated by comparison to 223 that of untreated cells .

Knock down of Rab5 or Rab7 was carried out to confirm above conclusion .

Understanding the viral entry pathway , a very early and critical step in the infection of host cells , is important for the understanding of viral pathogenesis and design of antiviral drugs ( 45 ) . Coronavirus entry is largely controlled by the S glycoprotein , since it bears both receptor binding and membrane fusion capabilities . During the initial receptor binding , large conformational changes of the S protein have evolved . Depending on the coronavirus species and strain , the S protein can mediate binding to a proteinaceous receptor or to carbohydrate moieties , and thereby , a multitude of mechanisms and strategies of virus entry have been exploited . For example , MHV strains are capable of entering directly at the cell surface or through the endocytic pathway ( 46 , 47 ) . While SARS-CoV was initially thought to enter cells through direct fusion with the plasma membrane , more recent evidence suggests that virus entry may also occur through a novel clathrin-and caveola-independent endocytic pathway ( 48 ) . Increasing evidence has demonstrated that the choice of coronavirus entry mechanism is very complex . As such , this study on PHEV entry mechanisms is notable and increasingly central for understanding the infection process .

Coronaviruses ( CoVs ) are health threats to a wide variety of mammalian and avian species . The coronavirus spike ( S ) glycoprotein contains two distinctive domains , both of which can function as receptor-binding domains ( RBDs ) and recognize protein or sugar receptors ( 7 ) . Therefore , the S protein is a major determinant of viral host range and is involved in viral binding and fusion , a set of processes that result in coronavirus entry ( 8 ) . As for the coronaviral RBD located on the PHEV S protein , it was found to interact with the neural cell adhesion molecule ( NCAM ) and to participate in viral infection , suggesting that PHEV entry occurs via a receptor recognition pattern ( 9 ) . Subsequent electron microscopic analysis demonstrated that membranous coatingmediated endo-and exocytosis can be employed by PHEV for its transsynaptic transfer ( 10 ) . The evidence regarding the mechanism of PHEV entry has been very limited until now , and a detailed and comprehensive study of the endocytic mechanism involved in PHEV uptake was urgently needed . Viral entry is the initial step toward a successful infection . Enveloped viruses achieve internalization via two primary pathways : some viruses appear to fuse directly with the plasma membrane , whereas others take advantage of the endocytic mechanism of the host ( 11 ) . Most animal viruses gain access to target cells by hijacking host endocytic pathways , such as clathrin-mediated endocytosis ( CME ) , macropinocytosis , caveola / raftmediated endocytosis , clathrin-and caveolin / raft-independent endocytosis , and variations of these themes that are not yet well characterized ( 12 , 13 ) . CME , the most evolutionarily conserved endocytic pathway , is characterized by the uptake of cargo , such as the transferrin-iron complex , toxins , and viruses , by invaginations or clathrincoated vesicles ( CCVs ) ( 14 ) . It is the primary route for internalization of many viruses , including African swine fever virus ( ASFV ) , vesicular stomatitis virus ( VSV ) , and rabies virus ( RABV ) ( 15 ) ( 16 ) ( 17 ) ( 18 ) . During this process , low pH plays an essential role , and the dynamics of the endosomal system are tightly regulated by the small Ras related in brain ( Rab ) GTPases ( 19 , 20 ) . Another well-characterized pathway is caveola / raftdependent endocytosis , where caveolae are defined as specialized lipid raft domains composed of caveolin and high levels of cholesterol ( 21 ) . The pathway requires unique structural and signaling machinery and is involved in internalization of some envelope viruses , such as human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , human coronavirus 229E ( HCoV-229E ) , and infectious spleen and kidney necrosis virus ( ISKNV ) , among others ( 22 ) ( 23 ) ( 24 ) . In addition , research in recent decades has found that some viruses can induce macropinocytosis as a direct endocytic route for productive entry and infection ( 25 ) ( 26 ) ( 27 ) ( 28 ) .

Given that Rab5 is a GTPase , its activity in cells was monitored by the level of active GTP-bound Rab5 ( Rab5-GTP ) , which we determined using a glutathione S-transferase ( GST ) pulldown assay . Because of the specific binding of Rab5-GTP by the C-terminal Rab5-binding domain ( R5BD ) of the effector Rabaptin5 ( 40 ) , a GST-R5BD fusion protein was generated to pull down Rab5-GTP in this study . Prior to that step , the interaction of GST-R5BD was determined by coimmunoprecipitation ( Fig . 9 A ) . As positive and negative controls , the constitutively active mutant Rab5Q79L and the GTP-bindingdefective mutant Rab5S34N , respectively , were transfected into cells , followed by GTPase activity detection using a GST-R5BD pulldown assay . Overexpression of Rab5Q79L produced the most robust pulldown signal , which reflected high GTPase activity , while the signal was completely inhibited after transfection with the DN Rab5S34N , Rab5Q79L , and EGFP-N , as indicated , after which they were subjected to cell lysis and pulldown assays as described below for panel C . Immunoblots of GAPDH and GFP on the same membrane serve as the loading control and input control , respectively . ( C ) Rab5 activation assay . Neuro-2a cell lysates that were either left untreated or pretreated with PHEV were then incubated with GST-R5BD . The GTP-bound Rab5 fraction bound to GST-R5BD ( pulldown ) and the total Rab5 protein in the lysates were purified by SDS-PAGE and subjected to IB analysis with anti-Rab5 antibody ( left panels ) . As a control , purified full-length Rab5 proteins were immunoprecipitated after being treated with 0.2 mg / ml GTP % S at 37 ° C for 45 min ( right panels ) . ( D ) Cells expressing Rab5wt , Rab5S34N , Rab5Q79L , and EGFP-N were used for a PHEV propagation assay . At 12 hpi , the cells were lysed and harvested for immunoblot analysis with the indicated antibodies . ( E ) Cells expressing the indicated constructs were treated with Tf-AF488 for 30 min at 37 ° C . Endocytosis of Tf-AF488 was determined by confocal microscopy , and representative micrographs are shown . Bars , 10 m .

PHEV infection is dependent on Rab5 activation . The Rab family of GTPases , whose activity depends on GDP / GTP association , plays a central role in intracellular transport . In general terms , GTP binding to Rabs allows the recruitment of effectors that mediate vesicular movement on the cytoskeleton and fusion with membranes , and the processes are reversible and bidirectional . Earlier work showed that Rab5 depletion has a larger effect than that of Rab7 depletion on PHEV entry and transport ( see above ) , suggesting that the functionality of Rab5 may play a more important role in PHEV infection . Thus , we directly examined the possibility that PHEV may facilitate Rab5 activity during internalization and intracellular trafficking .

To further confirm this observation , we transfected Neuro-2a cells with the GTPbinding-defective DN mutants EGFP-Rab5S34N and EGFP-Rab7T22N and found that the uptake of the Tf-AF488 tracer was largely reduced when these mutants were overexpressed ( Fig . 7 B ) . Transfection with EGFP-Rab5S34N obviously blocked the trafficking of PHEV cargos into the cytoplasm , leaving them just beneath the cytoplasmic membranes of the infected cells , while only a moderate decrease was observed in EGFP- Rab7T22N-overexpressing cells , indicating that Rab5 and Rab7 were required ( Fig . 7 C ) . In the above-mentioned overexpression studies , the average fluorescence signals of PHEV and Tf-AF488 were quantified , and the resulting values are summarized in a histogram ( Fig . 7 D ) . We then identified the endosomal compartments traversed by endocytosed PHEV when Rab5 and Rab7 were knocked down by RNAi as a means to investigate the necessity of EEs and LEs for viral entry . Neuro-2a cells were pretransfected with 50 nM siCtrl , 25 nM siRab5 , or 50 nM siRab7 for 48 h , followed by PHEV infection , and cell lysates were harvested at 24 hpi . Western blotting confirmed that Rab5 and Rab7 levels in Neuro-2a cells were efficiently knocked down by the siRNAs , and the synthesis of PHEV proteins was inhibited compared to that in siCtrl-transfected cells ( Fig . 8 A ) . These results were confirmed by qRT-PCR and IFA . We observed a significant reduction in viral entry and infectivity in siRab-transfected cells ( Fig . 8 A and B ) , which suggests the involvement of Rab5-and Rab7-mediated transport in PHEV internalization and productive infection . To investigate the endocytic trail followed by PHEV , we allowed fluorescently labeled DiD-PHEV particles to bind to Neuro-2a cells pretransfected with the Rab constructs . As shown in Fig . 8 C and D , the viral signal was captured in the cytoplasm , and DiD-PHEV-containing organelles had acquired or fused with Rab5-positive EEs at approximately 30 min postinternalization . Seventy-five minutes later , the cotransport of Rab5 and PHEV gradually disappeared , while a few DiD-PHEV particles were detected in Rab7-positive LEs . By 90 min postinternalization , this colocalization of Rab7 and PHEV was widely apparent . Given this cotransport of DiD-PHEV particles with Rab5 and Rab7 in the cytoplasm , we concluded that Rab5-positive EEs and Rab7-positive LEs were required for viral transport , undergoing endosomal maturation to initiate an infectious cycle .

We further examined the involvement of actin in PHEV entry by using cytochalasin D ( CytoD ) , which reversibly induces depolymerization of existing filaments and increases the cellular pool of ADP-bound actin monomers ( 39 ) . Neuro-2a cells were pretreated with CytoD or 5 - ( N-ethyl-N-isopropyl ) amiloride ( EIPA ) at the indicated concentrations for 1 h , and then PHEV internalization was examined by qRT-PCR . We observed that PHEV internalization was blocked when actin polymerization was inhibited in Neuro-2a cells ( Fig . 6 B ) . A confocal microscopy assay highlighted that pretreatment with CytoD strongly disrupted actin polymers , inhibited PHEV infection in Neuro-2a cells , and blocked the uptake of Dx-AF488 , a soluble fluorescent tracer of In the uptake assays , Dx-AF488 was added for 30 min on ice , after which the cells were fixed and processed for antibody staining . Representative micrographs and quantitative analyses of average fluorescence intensity showed that PHEV infection and Dx-AF488 uptake were inhibited by CytoD and that the cells took on a more rounded shape with a ( Continued on next page ) actin-dependent pathways ( Fig . 6 C ) . As a control group , Neuro-2a cells were pretreated with DMSO and processed for later study . Meanwhile , PHEV RNA replication and protein synthesis were also reduced by the drug at the early stage , i.e. , before 12 hpi ( Fig . 6 D and E ) , suggesting that functional actin cytoskeleton reorganization is required for this process . We therefore examined which stage of internalization was being affected by actin depolymerization . As shown in the schematic in Fig . 6 F , CytoD was added either 60 min prior to a 1 - h inoculation with virus or at 1 hpi and maintained until analysis . PHEV internalization was assayed by qRT-PCR at 2 hpi . Inhibition of actin polymerization prior to the addition of virus resulted in a 67 % reduction in PHEV infection . Treatment of cells with CytoD at 1 h postinoculation had a negligible effect on PHEV accumulation as detected , confirming that the requirement for actin is specific to the very early stage of virus internalization , that is , before 1 h postinoculation ( Fig . 6 F ) .

P orcine hemagglutinating encephalomyelitis virus ( PHEV ) is a nonsegmented , positive-sense , single-stranded RNA coronavirus that belongs to the genus Betacoronavirus , together with mouse hepatitis virus ( MHV ) , human coronavirus OC43 ( HCoV-OC43 ) , severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus ( SARS-CoV ) , and others ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/Taxonomy/Browser/wwwtax.cgi?id í694002 ) . PHEV was initially isolated from encephalomyelitic suckling piglet brains in 1962 , and since then , several outbreaks of PHEV infection have been reported ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) . Affected piglets exhibit vomiting and wasting disease ( VWD ) and / or encephalomyelitis , and the overall mortality rates for affected piglets under 3 weeks of age range from 30 % to 100 % . PHEV propagates via neural circuits to the central nervous system ( CNS ) and targets nerve cells as a site of replication , resulting in severe nerve damage ( 5 , 6 ) . Although major progress has been made in the past decades toward understanding the viral characteristics , many pathological aspects of this virus have yet to be characterized .

One key recommendation is that future economic analyses should attempt to apply clinical mask / respirator efficacy data , preferably from clinical trials , where this data is deemed applicable to the infectious agent , intervention and setting , rather than using estimations derived from expert opinion or laboratory testing studies [ 31 ] . In some cases this may not be possible , for example , it is not appropriate to extrapolate clinical trial results for respiratory viruses to tuberculosis and for ethical reasons , randomised trial data can not be collected on the effectiveness of a respirator intervention in HCWs for tuberculosis prevention . While the use of other types of efficacy data applied in the studies identified by this review have limitations , the results of the studies may still have validity . However , the underlying assumptions made in the analyses do need to be carefully considered .

The limitations of the review include the restriction to English language articles used in the search of the Scopus database . Further potential limitations are that the identification and screening process was carried out predominantly by one of the authors ( SM ) . Finally , the limited number of studies identified for inclusion made it difficult to make general conclusions about costeffectiveness .

The updated edition of this review concluded that there was no evidence of a significant difference in effectiveness between N95 respirators and medical masks [ 50 ] . However , this conclusion was heavily influenced by a single cluster randomised trial by Loeb et al . [ 27 ] that compared N95 respirators and medical masks , both used selectively in high-risk situations . This trial contained only 446 HCWs and may have been underpowered to detect a difference between the arms [ 28 ] . Two larger trials not included in this review have been published [ 28 , 36 ] . One of these by Macintyre et al . [ 28 ] , involving 1669 HCWs , found significantly greater protective efficacy for continuous N95 use when compared to continuous medical mask use , but no evidence that selective N95 use was superior to continuous medical mask use for the prevention of clinical respiratory illness [ 28 ] .

There were a relatively small number of economic evaluations of mask / respirator use that met the inclusion criteria and no existing studies were found that address the costeffectiveness of these interventions in low-middle income countries . The seven evaluations identified have limited utility to advise decision makers on the value for money that masks and respirators offer compared with other health spending choices . This is due to the reporting of results in the form of intermediate outcomes ( e.g. case prevented ) and the analysis of combinations of masks / respirators with other protection measures in evaluations [ 12 , 21 , 22 ] . There was also limited inclusion of clinical data to inform the effectiveness estimates and the impact of intervention compliance in the identified studies . Compliance has major implications for a mask / respirator intervention targeting HCWs [ 9 ] . For example , obtaining high adherence in HCWs has not been feasible in some high-income countries such as Australia [ 41 ] . Variation in HCW mask / respirator compliance has been observed between countries , such as the lower rates seen in UK hospitals compared to Hong Kong and Singapore during influenza A ( H1N1 ) pdm09 [ 42 ] . Mask / respirator adherence is primarily driven by perceived susceptibility to the infectious disease threats present [ 43 ] [ 44 ] [ 45 ] [ 46 ] [ 47 ] [ 48 ] .

All of the studies that estimated a cost per case , included the cost of infected individuals [ 11 , 12 , [ 20 ] [ 21 ] [ 22 ] . For example , one influenza modelling study by Jones and Adida [ 22 ] assumed a fixed average cost for each infection . This may not always be an ideal method to cost resources used as the cost of an average case may vary amongst patients [ 40 ] . Tracht et al . [ 11 ] allocated a separate average hospital cost per day due to influenza A ( H1N1 ) pdm09 infections for three age groups .

Both tuberculosis studies measured conversion rates of newly positive protein derivative tests in HCWs at study hospitals [ 19 , 23 ] . A positive test indicates a 5 - 10 % chance that the individual will develop active tuberculosis in their lifetime [ 25 ] . One of the two studies also estimated the number of patients isolated for known tuberculosis per month , confirmed pulmonary tuberculosis cases in patients in the past year and active cases of pulmonary tuberculosis in HCWs in the last 5 years [ 23 ] . This additional information provided a more complete measure of the impact of the intervention .

Western blotting . Lung tissue protein was extracted using ice-cold RIPA buffer ( Beyotime Institute of Biotechnology , Nantong , China ) according to the manufacturer 's protocols . Protein concentration was determined using the Bicinchoninic Acid Protein Assay kit ( Thermo Fisher Scientific , Inc . ) . Total proteins ( 30 μg ) were separated by 8 - 12 % SDS-PAGE at 120 V , and transferred onto polyvinylidene difluoride membranes ( EMD Millipore , Billerica , MA , USA ) at 250 mA for 90 min via wet transfer . Following blocking non-specific binding sites with 5 % non-fat milk in Tris-buffered saline ( TBS ) with Tween-20 ( 20 mM / l TBS pH 7.5 , 500 mM / l NaCl and 0.1 % Tween-20 ) for 1 h , the blots were probed with mouse monoclonal anti-2-actin ( sc-47778 ; 1 : 500 ; Santa Cruz Biotechnology , Inc . , Dallas , TX , USA ) and anti-NGAL ( MAB1857 ; 1 : 1,000 ; R & D Systems , Inc . , Minneapolis , MN , USA ) primary antibodies at 37 ÚC for 1 h . Bands were detected using an anti-mouse horseradish peroxidase-conjugated secondary antibody ( 7076 ; 1 : 2,000 ; Cell Signaling Technology , Inc . ) at 37 ÚC for 40 min followed by treatment with SuperSignal ® West Pico Chemiluminescent Substrate ( Thermo Fisher Scientific , Inc . ) and X-ray film exposure ( Kodak , Rochester , NY , USA ) . The film was scanned , and densitometric analysis was performed using QuantityOne software version 4.6 . 2 ( Bio-Rad Laboratories , Inc . ) . Squares of equal size were drawn around each band to measure the density , and the value was adjusted based on the density of the background near that band . Densitometric analysis was repeated three times . Results were expressed as a ratio of the target protein compared with the reference protein . The ratio of the target protein from the control group was arbitrarily set to 1 .

In conclusion , the present study used an animal model to identify NGAL as a potential novel biomarker for mechanical-induced lung injury . Further studies are required to define the functional role of NGAL and the pathophysiology of altered NGAL expression in VALI .

VALI has recently been of primary concern for clinicians and researchers . The reduction in mortality associated with low tidal volume ventilation in patients with acute lung injury , and acute respiratory distress syndrome has resulted in an increased research interest toward the underlying mechanism of VALI ( 16 ) . The roles of the innate immune response and inflammation in the pathogenesis of VALI have been extensively studied in recent years . It has previously been suggested High-PIP , high peak inflation pressure ; Low-PIP , low peak inflation pressure ; PEEP , positive end-expiratory pressure ; HV , high-volume ; LV , low-volume . that inflammation may not be integral to the initiation of VALI ; however , prevalent data in the field suggests a major pathogenetic role of inflammation and lung neutrophil recruitment . Therefore , investigators have searched for biological markers of VALI and therapeutic targets that may facilitate treatment . NGAL of the lipocalin superfamily , was originally isolated from specific neutrophil granules ( 6 , 7 ) . NGAL protein levels are typically very low in various biological fluids ( 17 ) . Previous studies have demonstrated that NGAL expression is associated with acute injury , particularly acute kidney injury . However , an association between NGAL and acute lung injury has not yet been reported . The present study characterized the expression profile of NGAL in mice subjected to different mechanical ventilation protocols . NGAL mRNA and protein expression levels in lung tissue increased under all mechanical ventilation treatments ; however , a significant increase was observed following high-volume or high-PIP mechanical ventilation . A similar NGAL increase was further detected in BAL fluid and serum , and was notably increased following high-volume or high-PIP mechanical ventilation . NGAL expression was time-dependent under high-volume mechanical ventilation treatment . Immunohistochemical localization studies revealed increased NGAL expression in lung endothelium , alveolar epithelial cells , and infiltrating neutrophils . NGAL is easily detected in serum and BAL fluid ( 10 , 11 ) . The results of the present study verify the role of NGAL as a novel and potential biomarker for VALI . A previous study revealed that plasma concentrations of NGAL were increased in oleic acid-induced acute lung injury and a conventional mechanical ventilation model in piglets ( 18 ) . Serum NGAL levels were additionally significantly increased in lung transplant patients ( 19 ) .

To investigate the expression of NGAL in a mouse model of VALI , mice were subjected to low-or high-volume mechanical ventilation for 2 h or 4 h . As presented in Fig . 3 A , NGAL mRNA expression levels in lung tissue demonstrated no difference between LV2 and LV4 exposure . However , a significant increase was present in HV4 compared with the HV2 group . Similarly , NGAL protein expression levels in lung tissue did not differ between the LV2 and LV4 groups ; however , they were markedly greater in the HV4 group compared with the HV2 group ( Fig . 3 B and C ) . Protein expression profiles of NGAL in BAL fluid and serum were similar to those in lung tissue ( Fig . 3 B and C ) .

To investigate NGAL expression in a mouse model of VALI , lung tissues , BAL fluid and serum were collected from control , LV2 , HV2 low-PIP and high-PIP groups . RT-qPCR demonstrated that NGAL mRNA expression in lung tissue was increased in all groups compared with the control group , particularly the HV2 and high-PIP groups ( Fig . 2 A ) . As presented in Fig . 2 B and C , NGAL protein expression levels were increased in all groups compared with the control group , particularly in the HV2 and high-PIP groups .

The airflow dynamics of coughing were investigated in a previous study using real-time , non-invasive , shadowgraph visualisation [ 15 ] . This study applies the same technique to human sneezing and breathing to determine their airflow dynamic parameters . This data may be of use to infection control teams , when planning various interventions to limit the dissemination of airborne infection from human sources .

Sneezing has been much more difficult to investigate , probably because the sneezing reflex is much more difficult to induce on demand for experimental purposes . Two recent studies examined the qualitative effects of sneezing in humans with and without wearing surgical and N95 masks [ 16 , 17 ] , without any quantitative measurements of the sneeze airflows being attempted . One earlier , more physiological study on sneezing in premature newborns suggested that the peak expiratory airflow during sneezing was only 6 - 7 times higher than that during quiet breathing [ 18 ] . This ratio suggests that there may be a discrepancy with the much higher estimates of sneeze velocities reported by Wells [ 19 ] of up to 100 m / s , and 50 m / s as has been assumed in some modeling studies [ 20 ] , though these were described for much older adults .

For the nasal and mouth breathing , relatively little data has been published so the results from this study will contribute to this . The exhalation airflow profiles for both nasal and mouth breathing are quite similar , being mainly conical and differing only in their relative direction , with similar propagation distances and airflow velocities . The variations in the airflow velocities of the nasal and mouth breathing exhalation flows can be related to the variation of airflow rates during expiration , which are due to a combination of lung tissue and diaphragmatic elasticity and recoil and elasticity that have been well-documented [ 27 ] . A study on the airflow dynamics of breathing by Gupta et al . [ 21 ] in human volunteers was performed on smokers , which may not be necessarily representative of healthy volunteers . Unfortunately , they used units of airflow rate ( litres per second ) which are difficult to convert to comparable airflow velocities ( in m / s ) . Finally , the ratios of the velocities of the sneeze to those of the nasal and mouth breathing in this cohort of healthy , young volunteers is 3 - 4 , which is not so dissimilar to that described by Javorka et al . [ 18 ] in premature newborns with a ratio of 6 - 7 , and also suggests that this sneezing : breathing ratio may well be decreased in older , larger adult bodies .

Note that for most of the volunteers , the maximum sneeze velocities are generally not reached until some short time after the airflow leaves the mouth ( see Figure 3 ) . This probably represents the acceleration of the expelled air in the early expiration phase of the sneeze , after the initial inspiration stage of the sneeze reflex , which is well recognized [ 24 ] . This initial inspiration stage was also recognized much earlier by Jennison [ 26 ] , as he stated : ' ' A sneeze consists of two stages - a sudden inspiration , followed by a forcible expiration . ' ' In addition , the changing shape of the mouth and position of the tongue may well affect the exit velocity of the air during the sneeze . A similar explanation to this was suggested by Tang et al . [ 15 ] for very similar appearances of the cough distance-velocity curves in that study . The shape of these curves remains similar , as seen in Figure 6 , which shows the same cough dataset re-analyzed to give the maximum ( not just the x-resolved ) cough velocities . The results in Figures 3 and 6 demonstrate that the maximum exit velocities of 4 - 5 m / s for coughing and sneezing , at least in this cohort of healthy young volunteers , were not very different , and far less than idealized 100 m / s inferred velocity for sneezing by Wells [ 19 ] .

With this shadowgraph method , the fact that the maximum cough velocities obtained using this approach are comparable with other published experimental methods , does indicate that the same approach used for the measurement of sneeze velocities should also produce fairly accurate estimates of the true values . The greater apparent variation and difference in overall curve profiles in the propagation distances and derived velocities with the sneezes , as compared to the coughs ( compare Figures 3 and 6 ) , is most likely due to the fewer images that were available for analysis as there were fewer volunteers in the sneeze cohort . It is acknowledged that higher sneeze velocities may well be possible with other volunteers , and that further studies are encouraged to explore and better characterize this variable .

Whilst there are multiple published studies on coughing , there are relatively few estimates of sneeze velocities reported in the literature . Exactly why there is so little comparative data available for sneezing is unclear , though it may be due to the difficulty with inducing the sneeze , which , unlike coughing , is a true reflex [ 24 ] . Notably , the few existing estimates are considerably higher than those found in this study . For example , Xie et al . [ 20 ] cited a velocity of up to 100 m / s based on earlier estimates by Wells [ 19 ] , then go on to use estimates of 20 - 50 m / s for sneeze velocities in a simple physical model of how droplets evaporate and move during various respiratory activities . However , a closer look at Wells ' [ 19 ] original estimate reveals that this 100 m / s figure is actually an inference based on ' ' Castleman 's adaptation of Rayleigh 's formulation for droplet formation ' ' , which infers that the velocity required for a moving air stream ' ' sweeping over a liquid surface ' ' to generate droplets of 10 mm diameter is 100 m / s . So this oftcited figure was only an inference drawn from some basic physical principles applied to a very simplified setting , but not obtained from any direct measurements of airflows generated by actual human sneezes in a much more complex biological environment . It is clear that more data is still needed as the range of velocities cited for sneezing still varies widely , even in this modern era . It should be borne in mind that such values may vary with different measurement methods , as well as the physical attributes , lung capacities and any constrained postures imposed on the human volunteers .

A score for each HLA-peptide interaction is calculated as the sum of amino acid pair-wise potentials between each peptide residue and the interacting residues of the HLA binding groove . The lower the score , the better the peptide binds to the HLA binding groove , i.e. , the higher the binding affinity . Peptides with strong binding affinities to the HLA molecule are most likely to be successfully presented to CTLs in-vivo . A test of PREDEP performance showed that 80 % of the top 15 percentile best binders were known optimal HLA binding peptides [ 36 ] . In this study , we determined the binding energy of all possible peptides across the SIVcpz consensus sequence to each of the six HLA alleles with known crystal structures available in PREDEP . For each available HLA allele , we first selected peptide regions that had binding scores in the best 5 % ( a conservative threshold chosen to ensure minimal false positives ) of those obtained across the chimpanzee sequence for that particular HLA allele . Next , we discarded regions that did not contain the amino acid residues known to give optimal binding at the major binding pockets , i.e. peptides that matched the anchor residue motifs of the HLA allele . For each HLA allele , we generated a new alignment consisting of only the sites in the potential binding regions identified for that allele for further analysis .

We downloaded an alignment of HIV-1 group M reference genome sequences and chimpanzee sequences from the Los Alamos database [ 33 ] . Previously , we found that some synonymous sites of the nucleotide sequence are highly conserved due to purifying selective pressure acting upon them , and that such conservation of synonymous sites can cause errors in the prediction of positive selection [ 34 ] . Therefore , in this study we removed the conserved regions identified in that study from the alignment ( see Additional File 1 ) . The resulting alignment consisted of 9 chimpanzee sequences and 32 HIV-1 sequences starting from codon 1 of the gag gene and ending with the nef stop codon , but excluding regions listed in Additional File 1 . We used HyPhy [ 35 ] to build a phylogenetic tree ( Figure 1 ) from the alignment using a neighbour joining method and the pairwise distances calculated using maximum likelihood .

In this study we focussed specifically on epitopes that we infer were likely to have been present in the viral sequence that first infected humans . We propose that the selection we observe at these positions along the branch of the phylogenetic tree leading to all of the HIV-1 sequences reflects episodic selection to evade human cytotoxic immune responses . Episodic selection has been proposed to be an important aspect of cross-species pathogen transmission and , in fact , observed in a laboratory setting previously [ 14 ] . However , this is the first time , to our knowledge , that evidence has been presented of transient positive selection associated with human immune responses against unconstrained regions of the virus shortly after transmission to human .

In contrast and interestingly , N67 deglycosylated ( N67  ) DENV1 and DENV2 were found to display enhanced infectivity in mosquito cells ( C6 / 36 ) compared to wild type ( WT ) ( Ishak et al . , 2001 ; Lee et al . , 2010 ; Alen et al . , 2012 ) . For mosquito cells , the entry mode employed by Flavivirus ( DENV and JEV ) was shown to involve membrane fusion instead of receptormediated endocytosis ( Hase et al . , 1989 a , b ) . Hence , it is possible that absence of the N67-glycans from the virion surface reduces steric hindrance and therefore promotes cell membrane attachment and membrane fusion . Finally , N153 deglycosylated ( N153  ) DENV mutant displayed reduced infectivity ( 10 - fold lower ) in both mammalian and mosquito cells compared to WT , possibly due to impaired virus entry process ( Lee et al . , 1997 ; Hacker et al . , 2009 ) , whereby loss of the N153-glycan affected the conformational stability of E proteins and led to premature exposure of the fusion peptide ( Yoshii et al . , 2013 ) .

Carbohydrate chains on the DENV E proteins play a critical role in host cell infection at the early step of host receptor binding . Indeed , virus attachment and penetration into mammalian and mosquito cells were blocked by pre-incubation of virus with Concanavalin A , a plant lectin that binds to alpha-linked terminal mannose of high mannose or hybrid glycans ( Hung , 1999 ) . Lectins are a group of proteins that recognize carbohydrates through a carbohydrate recognition domain [ reviewed in ± The N-glycosylation site is located at residue 64 to 69 depending on the serotype . ( Zelensky and Gready , 2005 ) ] . To date , various lectin families such as C-type , P-type , L-type , Galectin and Calnexin have been shown to interact with viral components . C-type lectins are particularly important for DENV infection as they have been shown to be involved in host cell attachment and disease pathogenesis ( see Disease Pathogenesis ) . The cell membrane-anchored C-type lectin DC-SIGN has been identified as host cell receptor for many viruses , among which DENV infects DC and monocyte via DC-SIGN ( Navarro-Sanchez et al . , 2003 ; Tassaneetrithep et al . , 2003 ) . The interaction between DC-SIGN and DENV can be inhibited by the addition of mannose and mannan and has been further examined at the molecular level by structural analysis . Cryo-EM data of DENV / DC-SIGN complexes reveals that the carbohydrate recognition domain of DC-SIGN interacts directly with the N67-glycan of E dimers ( Pokidysheva et al . , 2006 ) . Consistently , lectin ( HHA ) - resistant DENV which lacks both N-glycosylation sites on E protein failed to infect DC-SIGN ( + ) DC , in contrast to productive infection and replication in DC-SIGN (  ) and carbohydrate-independent cells such as Vero , Huh7 , C6 / 36 and Baby Hamster Kidney fibroblasts ( BHK-21 ) ( Alen et al . , 2012 ) . The presence of N67-glycan on E protein also allows DENV to infect endothelial cells in liver and lymph node via DC-SIGN-related proteins known as DC-SIGNR and L-SIGN , the close homologues of DC-SIGN ( Tassaneetrithep et al . , 2003 ; Alen et al . , 2012 ) . In addition to DC-SIGN , MR has been identified as another C-type lectin utilized by all four serotypes of DENV to infect macrophages and DC ( Miller et al . , 2008 ) . Both MR and DC-SIGN bind to DENV E protein with high affinity ( K D in the sub-nanomolar range ) ( Lo et al . , 2016 ) , despite a different ligand specificity for these two host receptors ( Miller et al . , 2008 ) . MR shows a preferential binding to terminal mannose , fucose and N-acetyl glucosamine while DC-SIGN binds to high-mannose oligosaccharides ( Miller et al . , 2008 ) . As DC-SIGN and MR have been proposed to be the primary host receptors for DENV during infection ( Lo et al . , 2016 ) , the engagement to these C-type lectin receptors with diverse glycoforms of E protein may allow DENV to infect a wide range of host cells .

N-glycosylation on both E and NS1 proteins has been shown to play important roles throughout the DENV infection cycle from virion attachment , entry , maturation , assembly to secretion .

In the DENV replication cycle , prM interacts with E protein and acts as a chaperone to ensure proper E protein folding ( Lorenz et al . , 2002 ) and to prevent premature fusion of the virus particle along the secretory pathway by concealing the E fusion loop Yu et al . , 2009 ) . Glycosylation of the prM / M glycoprotein in DENV has not been extensively studied . The protein is glycosylated at N69 ( Table 1 ) with circumstantial evidence for N-linked glycosylation at sites 7 , 31 , and 52 ( Courageot et al . , 2000 ) . It was found that ± - glucosidase inhibitor reduced the amount of prM-E heterodimer , suggesting the N-glycans are required for productive folding pathway of these glycoproteins ( Courageot et al . , 2000 ) . Triglucosylated N-glycan at N68 of DENV1 affects the folding of prM by causing a delayed formation of prM-E heterodimer ( Courageot et al . , 2000 ) .

The glycan structure on DENV E protein has been studied using digestive enzymes ( Johnson et al . , 1994 ; Mondotte et al . , 2007 ; Hacker et al . , 2009 ) , chromatography ( Johnson et al . , 1994 ) , lectin-binding assay ( Johnson et al . , 1994 ; Hacker et al . , 2009 ) and radioactive labeling ( Smith and Wright , 1985 ) . Endo Hand PNGase F-enzymatic digestion revealed the presence of N-glycosylation in DENV E protein . No O-linked glycan has been detected to date ( Johnson et al . , 1994 ) . In mosquito cell-derived virions , the N-glycans attached to E protein display heterogeneity in structure and sugar composition where high mannose and paucimannose with terminal mannose residues are the dominant glycoforms ( Figure 2 A ) ( Smith and Wright , 1985 ; Johnson et al . , 1994 ; Hacker et al . , 2009 ) .

The fusion peptide located at the tip of DII is essential for endosomal membrane fusion and is essential for virus entry ( Allison et al . , 2001 ; Kuhn et al . , 2002 ; Huang et al . , 2010 ) . Dimerization of E proteins at neutral pH positions the fusion loop into a hydrophobic pocket formed by DI and DIII of the adjacent E monomer . This helps to prevent premature exposure of the fusion loop before endocytosis of the virion by a new host cell . DI forms part of the flexible hinge region which facilitates structural rearrangement of E protein during virion maturation and fusion process ( Zhang et al . , 2004 ) . Inside the acidic endosome , the pH-dependent hinge at the DI-DII interface ( Allison et al . , 1995 ; Modis et al . , 2003 ) allows E dimer to dissociate and rearrange into a trimeric form which serves as a pre-fusion intermediate promoting membrane fusion ( Modis et al . , 2004 ) .

To reduce DEN morbidity and eventually eliminate the disease , an effective vaccine is urgently needed . However , the development of DEN vaccine has been greatly hampered by the potential risk of ADE . The only licensed DEN vaccine ( CYD-TDV ) available is a tetravalent , recombinant , live attenuated DEN vaccine developed by Sanofi Pasteur ( Guy et al . , 2015 ) . The vaccine has shown varied efficacy against different serotypes and in different age groups , with safety issues in children below 9 years of age ( Capeding et al . , 2014 ; Villar et al . , 2015 ) . In addition , large scale efficacy studies have suggested that this vaccine works best in people with pre-existing DENV immunity ( Capeding et al . , 2014 ) . Thus , WHO recommendations have limited the use of the CYD-TDV vaccine in geographical settings with high DEN burden and in age group 9 - 45 years old ( WHO , 2017 ) . Clearly , while this first-in-human tetravalent DEN vaccine will certainly provide a wealth of knowledge and improve our understanding of immune correlates of protection , a better vaccine is needed to protect the 3.9 billion people that are at risk of DEN infection . Several promising vaccine candidates are currently under development ; some have entered the clinical pipeline [ reviewed in ( Schmitz et al . , 2011 ) ] . It is hoped that they will address the shortcomings of the CYD-TDV vaccine .

The external protein shell of DEN virion consists of 180 copies of E ( 53 - 56 kDa ) and prM glycoproteins whereby only E proteins are exposed on the surface ( Kuhn et al . , 2002 ) . Extensive research over the years has revealed multiple functions of E protein in host receptor attachment , cellular uptake of virion and membrane fusion . E protein forms dimers on the virion surface ( Kuhn et al . , 2002 ) . The ectodomain of each E monomer without the transmembrane domains and membrane-associated " stem " region displays an elongated structure under Cryo-EM , which is further defined into three distinct domains ( Domains I , II , and III ) ( Rey et al . , 1995 ) . The central N-terminal DI separates the dimerization DII from the C-terminal DIII . DIII has been proposed to be the receptorbinding domain ( Kuhn et al . , 2002 ) whereby neutralizing monoclonal antibodies against DIII most efficiently block virus initial attachment to mammalian cells ( Crill and Roehrig , 2001 ) .

Viruses do not possess their own glycosylation machinery and by virtue of their opportunistic nature , are heavily dependent upon the glycosylation machinery of the host cell to glycosylate their proteins . HIV , Influenza virus , Hendra virus , Severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus ( SARS-CoV ) , Hepatitis viruses and WNV are examples of viruses for which glycosylation was shown to be critical to their stability , infectivity and antigenicity ( Mir-Shekari et al . , 1997 ; Vigerust and Shepherd , 2007 ; Medina et al . , 2013 ; Doores , 2015 ) . Firstly , glycosylation can be involved in receptor binding . This is exemplified by HIV and DENV which rely on high mannose type glycosylation to bind to their MRs or DC-SIGN that are present on host immune cells ( Cambi and Figdor , 2003 ; Cambi et al . , 2004 ) . Furthermore , glycosylation is required to facilitate proper protein folding and trafficking of the viral membranes using the host chaperones such as calnexin and / or calreticulin proteins ( Meunier et al . , 1999 ; Land and Braakman , 2001 ; Slater-Handshy et al . , 2004 ) . Importantly , glycosylation is a means to evade immune recognition within the host by changing glycan sites ( Medina et al . , 2013 ) , which in turn can increase the diversity of the glycosylation on the virus . In addition , the glycan structure has been reported to mask particular antigenic sites from recognition by neutralizing antibodies ( Doores , 2015 ; Walls et al . , 2016 ) .

Glycoproteomics allows investigators to understand the degree of glycosylation on various sites of the glycoprotein . The platform is adapted from proteomics and as such relies heavily upon mass spectrometry and substantial data analysis . Whilst most glycoproteomic methodologies follow similar approaches to proteomics such as trypsin digestion and analysis , key to any glycoproteomics method is the enrichment of glycopeptides ( Mysling et al . , 2010 ; Kolarich et al . , 2012 ) . This is important to reduce the ion suppression from peptide mass spectrometry signals without enrichment . This can be performed via HILIC chromatography , in which the enrichment is centered upon exploiting a glycan 's hydrophilicity . Fragmentation data is vital to glycopeptide identification and data analysis must be able to exploit the information which can come from fragmentation modes such as collisionally induced dissociation ( CID ) , high collisional dissociation or electron transfer dissociation / electron transfer high collisional dissociation ( ETD / EtHCD ) available to the investigator ( Scott et al . , 2011 ; Thaysen-Andersen et al . , 2016 ; Stavenhagen et al . , 2017 ) . Depending on the strength of fragmentation , information such as glycan composition , site of attachment and peptide backbone are all able to be divulged from a single spectrum ( Yang et al . , 2016 ) .

In fact , the bulk of mammalian glycoproteins expressed and / or purified in insect cells have used cell lines from Spodoptera frugiperda ( sf9 , sf21 ) or Trichoplusia ni ( High five ) ( Rendi  et al . , 2008 ) . Glycoproteins derived from these insect cell systems display glycans that contain predominantly high mannose type structures . However , the long belief that these high mannose and paucimannosidic N-linked structures are the dominant forms in insect-cell derived glycoproteins has been recently challenged by the advent of high resolution glyco-analytical tools which were able to identify glyco-epitopes such as [ alpha ] 1 - 3 fucosylation ( Hsu et al . , 1997 ; Takahashi et al . , 1999 ; Rudd et al . , 2000 ) and double core fucosylated structures ( [ alpha ] 1 - 3 and [ alpha ] 1 - 6 fucosylation on the core GlcNAc ) ( Staudacher et al . , 1992 ; Rendic et al . , 2006 ) . There were also reports of the extension of the [ alpha ] 1,3 - arm of the chitobiose core as opposed to the [ alpha ] 1 - 6 arm extension found in most mammalian cell lines ( Kubelka et al . , 1993 ) . Higher complex N-glycans can be found in many insectderived N-linked glycoproteins , however , if grown in serum free media , lysed cell extracts from sf9 and High five cells do lack the nucleotide donors for sialic acid ( CMP-NeuAc ) ( Rendi  et al . , 2008 ) . Further to this , the presence of a truncated trimannosyl N-glycan with an [ alpha ] 1,6 - linked fucose was reported ( Shi and Jarvis , 2007 ; Rendi  et al . , 2008 ) . Extensive work has shown that such structures are the result of the action of an endogenous hexosaminidase specific for the NAcGlcNAc [ beta ] 1,2 - Man structure rather than low activity of the [ beta ] -1 , NAc 2 GlcNAc Transferase II responsible for the extension of the mannose arms of complex structures ( Kubelka et al . , 1994 ) .

Most DENV infections are asymptomatic or remain as mild febrile illness . A classical DEN fever is diagnosed when the patient shows self-limiting high fever , headache , and muscle / joint pain 3 - 14 days after a mosquito bite . A small proportion of DEN patients may develop DEN hemorrhagic fever and / or DEN shock syndrome ( DHF / DSS ) which are life-threatening . The clinical manifestations of DHF / DSS include hemorrhagic fever , vascular permeability and plasma leakage , thrombocytopenia and circulatory failure in DSS . To date , there is no specific treatment for DEN and no licensed anti-DENV drug is available . For severe DEN cases , clinical complications are managed by supportive therapy to avoid mortality . The progression to severe DEN ( DHF / DSS ) has been linked to a phenomenon known as ADE of infection ( Halstead , 2014 ) . The ADE hypothesis postulates that during a secondary heterologous DENV infection , preexisting anti-DENV antibodies bind to but fail to neutralize the virus , and promote increased uptake of sub-neutralized virions by Fcgamma-receptor bearing cells such as DC , macrophages , and monocytes ( Kliks et al . , 1989 ; Boonnak et al . , 2008 ) . In addition , ligation of Fc receptor stimulates production of Interleukin ( IL ) -10 which in turn suppresses the cellular anti-viral response ( Suhrbier and La Linn , 2003 ) . These events lead to increased viral loads which are believed to correlate with disease severity ( Vaughn et al . , 2000 ) .

Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus ( MERS-CoV ) with pandemic potential is a major worldwide threat to public health . However , vaccine development for this pathogen lags behind as immunity associated with protection is currently largely unknown . In this study , an immunoinformatics-driven genome-wide screening strategy of vaccine targets was performed to thoroughly screen the vital and effective dominant immunogens against MERS-CoV . Conservancy and population coverage analysis of the epitopes were done by the Immune Epitope Database . The results showed that the nucleocapsid ( N ) protein of MERS-CoV might be a better protective immunogen with high conservancy and potential eliciting both neutralizing antibodies and T-cell responses compared with spike ( S ) protein . Further , the B-cell , helper T-cell and cytotoxic T lymphocyte ( CTL ) epitopes were screened and mapped to the N protein . A total of 15 linear and 10 conformal B-cell epitopes that may induce protective neutralizing antibodies were obtained . Additionally , a total of 71 peptides with 9 - mer core sequence were identified as helper T-cell epitopes , and 34 peptides were identified as CTL epitopes . Based on the maximum HLA binding alleles , top 10 helper T-cell epitopes and CTL epitopes that may elicit protective cellular immune responses against MERS-CoV were selected as MERS vaccine candidates . Population coverage analysis showed that the putative helper T-cell epitopes and CTL epitopes could cover the vast majority of the population in 15 geographic regions considered where vaccine would be employed . The B- and T-cell stimulation potentials of the screened epitopes is to be further validated for their efficient use as vaccines against MERS-CoV . Collectively , this study provides novel vaccine target candidates and may prompt further development of vaccines against MERS-CoV and other emerging infectious diseases .

Codon usage patterns in TP53 genes across mammalian species Correlation coefficient between codon usage and GC bias was analyzed using heat map ( Fig . 1 ) in order to find out the relationship between the codon usage variation and the GC constraints among the selected coding sequences of TP53 genes . In our analysis , nearly all codons ending with G / C base showed positive correlation with GC bias and nearly all A / T-ending codons showed negative correlation with GC bias . But , 8 G / C-ending codons ( ATC , ACG , TAC , TTG , TCC , CAC , GTG , GGG ) showed negative correlation with GC bias whereas 6 A / T-ending codons ( AAT , ATT , TGT , CGA , GTA , GGA ) showed positive correlation with AT bias although statistically not significant ( p > 0.05 ) . Two G-ending codons i.e. TCG for serine and CTG for leucine amino acid showed strong positive correlation ( p < 0.01 ) with GC 3 s , indicating that codon usage has been influenced by GC bias due to GC 3 s . Interestingly , we observed that the codon ATA encoding isoleucine amino acid was not favored by natural selection in TP53 genes across mammalian species during the course of evolution . Thus , scanning the codon usage pattern provides the basis of the mechanism for synonymous codon usage bias and has both practical as well as theoretical significance in gaining clues of understanding molecular biology [ 34 ] .

Previously , several studies were conducted on synonymous codon usage bias in a wide variety of organisms including prokaryotes and eukaryotes [ 10 ] [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ] , and till date in many organisms the codon usage patterns have been interpreted for diverse reasons . Many genomic factors such as gene length , GC-content , recombination rate , gene expression level , or modulation in the genetic code are associated with CUB in different organisms [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ] [ 20 ] [ 21 ] . In general , compositional constraints under natural selection or mutation pressure are considered as major factors in the codon usage variation among different organisms [ 8 , [ 22 ] [ 23 ] [ 24 ] [ 25 ] . Moreover , studies revealed that mutation pressure , natural or translational selection , secondary protein structure , replication and selective transcription , hydrophobicity and hydrophilicity of the protein and the external environment play a major role in the codon usage pattern of organisms [ 26 ] . In unicellular and multicellular organisms it was observed that , preferred synonymous codons / optimal codons with abundant tRNA gene copy number rise with gene expression level within the genome that supports selection on high codon bias confirmed by positive correlation between optimal codons and tRNA abundance [ 18 , 22 , 27 ] . Urrutia and Hurst ( 2003 ) reported weak correlation between gene expression level and codon usage bias within human genome though not related with tRNA abundance [ 19 ] . However , Comeron ( 2004 ) observed that in human genome , highly expressed genes have preference towards codon bias favoring codons with most abundant tRNA gene copy number compared to less highly expressed genes [ 28 ] .

logw RCB c Þ À 1 [ 47 ] Where , O tot is the total number of codons

RSCU is defined as the observed frequency of a codon divided by the expected frequency if all codons are used equally for any particular amino acid [ 46 ] . RSCU values of codons for each of the selected coding sequence of TP53 gene was calculated as follows :

Where , F k ( k = 2 , 3 , 4 or 6 ) is the average of the F k values for k-fold degenerate amino acids . The F value denotes the probability that two randomly chosen codons for an amino acid with two codons are identical . The values of ENC ranged from 20 indicating strong codon bias in the gene using only one synonymous codon for the corresponding amino acid , to 61 indicating no bias in the gene using all synonymous codons equally for the corresponding amino acid [ 43 ] .

doi : 10.137 1 / journal . pone . 0121709 . g002 a higher predominance of G / C-ending codons . It suggested that GC 3 s values determined the codon usage pattern in the coding sequences of TP53 gene [ 33 ] . Nabiyouni et al . , ( 2013 ) reported that eukaryotic organisms with very high GC-contents have high GC 3 - composition while organisms with low GC-content have low GC 3 - composition in the genome [ 37 ] . We also calculated GC 3 skew values which ranged from 0.000 to -0.094 , indicating that GC 3 composition at the third position of codon might have played an important role in the codon usage bias [ 38 ] . Negative GC skew was observed in all the coding sequences of TP53 gene which revealed that the abundance of C over G [ 39 ] . In addition , lower values of the frequency of optimal codons ( FOP ) and the effective number of codons ( ENC ) along with higher GC contents suggested that a moderate bias exists in the usage of synonymous codons [ 33 ] for TP53 gene in different mammalian species . Predominant codon usage bias was observed in TP53 gene of M . unguiculatus compared to other mammalian species ( Table 3 ) . RCBS value of a gene can be used as an effective measure of predicting gene expression and its value depends on the patterns of codon usage along with nucleotide compositional bias of a gene [ 20 ] . The distribution of RCBS values for TP53 gene across eight mammalian species is shown in figure below ( Fig . 6 ) . The RCBS values ranged from 0.006 to 0.065 with a mean value of 0.039 and a standard deviation ( SD ) of 0.021 . In our analysis , low mean RCBS value suggested that there exists a low codon bias for TP53 gene associated with low expression level [ 20 ] .

We have carried out computer-based studies to identify target regions in surface proteins of influenza and rotavirus . [ 19 ] [ 20 ] [ 21 ] Our interest in applying these techniques to HPV is to see whether it is feasible to design peptide vaccines against the disease that afflicts many more people in the developing nations where the economic burden is much more acute than in the developed nations . There is also the advantage with peptide vaccines that , in theory , multivalent vaccines can be more easily designed and marketed at more affordable prices than multivalent VLP vaccines against a wide range of HPV types . This makes it possible to tailor-make different combinations of the peptides to address frequency variations of types over different population groups and therefore reach a wider percentage of affected people to suit individual communities in those countries where the populations are higher and much less homogeneous than in the Western nations .

The next stage is to determine if the identified regions have epitope potential to enable immune response . For this , we used the IEDB server to test for T-cell MHC II epitope regions using two alleles , namely , HLA-DRB1-01-01 and HLA-DRB1-04-01 . Table 3 shows that all the regions we had identified passed the MHC II test , although in some instances one or the other allele gave results that were just outside the permissible range for generating immune response . However , none of the regions of any of the three HPV types failed in both alleles . Likewise , we tested for B-cell humoral response through the ABCpred server , which has been known to predict epitope regions for B-cell response with about 66 % accuracy . As can be seen from the results extracted in Table 4 , we find that in this instance all our regions passed this test with high acceptability ranks , except for region 4 for HPV35 whose score was outside the critical range .

The analyses for the three high-risk types , HPV16 , 33 , and 35 , were done together using the p R technique mentioned in the " Materials and methods " section with a 12 aa window , and the p R - values at each aa position were scanned to determine the number of different values . These numbers were then smoothed over a range of 12 positions , and a running average computed over the complete sequence . Next , ASA profiles were determined for several samples of the selected HPV types using the SABLE server , which has been found to be quite reliable . Taking an average of the solvent accessibility numbers determined residuewise for each sequence from SABLE , and then taking the running average of 12 aa , we get a smoothed out solvent accessibility profile whose peaks indicate highest solvent accessibility around that residue position . By our logic , the regions where the lowest variety numbers for aa stretches match with the highest values of the ASA profiles represent potentially the best situated highly conserved surface accessible peptide segments in the protein sequence . Figure 3 shows the plots of these two profiles of the high-risk HPV16 , 33 , and 35 types , where the five regions so identified are marked by short horizontal lines for further analysis .

Determination of epitope segments . Next , we consider which of the segments from the second-stage choice contains epitope regions to elicit necessary immune response . For this , we use two epitope-prediction tools , viz . , the Immune Epitope Database ( IEDB ) and Analysis Resource server [ 32 ] [ 33 ] [ 34 ] [ 35 ] and ABCpred server , 36 , 37 which , as mentioned earlier , 21 have given good results . These tools indicate binding affinities of T-cell epitopes and B-cell epitopes ( with 66 % accuracy ) , major histocompatibility complex ( MHC ) I , and also of discontinuous epitopes through Ellipro .

The size of the window covering a number of aas needs careful consideration . In our previous analysis of the neuraminidase protein , 19 we had considered peptide lengths of 8 , 10 , and 12 aas ; for rotavirus where mutational changes occur very frequently , it was considered prudent to consider window sizes of 12 - 14 aas 20 ; 14 residue peptides were found to be more potent antigenically compared with smaller peptides , 28 and we had used that size for the analysis of influenza hemagglutinin . 21 It may be noted that while peptide lengths of 6 - 20 aas are used in scanning for B-cell epitopes , peptides of 10 + residues may contain overlapping linear B-cell epitopes 29 ; cytotoxic T-cell epitopes have a limited length ( 8 - 11 residues ) , whereas for helper T-cells , longer peptide lengths are used . 30 Considering these issues and the fact that the HPV viruses are dsDNA type , which therefore are comparatively more stable , we fixed window length for this exercise at 12 aas .

Viral sewage metagenomics is a novel field of study used for surveillance , epidemiological studies , and evaluation of waste water treatment efficiency . In raw sewage human waste is mixed with household , industrial and drainage water , and virus particles are , therefore , only found in low concentrations . This necessitates a step of sample concentration to allow for sensitive virus detection . Additionally , viruses harbor a large diversity of both surface and genome structures , which makes universal viral genomic extraction difficult . Current studies have tackled these challenges in many different ways employing a wide range of viral concentration and extraction procedures . However , there is limited knowledge of the efficacy and inherent biases associated with these methods in respect to viral sewage metagenomics , hampering the development of this field . By the use of next generation sequencing this study aimed to evaluate the efficiency of four commonly applied viral concentrations techniques ( precipitation with polyethylene glycol , organic flocculation with skim milk , monolithic adsorption filtration and glass wool filtration ) and extraction methods ( Nucleospin RNA XS , QIAamp Viral RNA Mini Kit , NucliSENS ( ® ) miniMAG ( ® ) , or PowerViral ( ® ) Environmental RNA / DNA Isolation Kit ) to determine the viriome in a sewage sample . We found a significant influence of concentration and extraction protocols on the detected viriome . The viral richness was largest in samples extracted with QIAamp Viral RNA Mini Kit or PowerViral ( ® ) Environmental RNA / DNA Isolation Kit . Highest viral specificity were found in samples concentrated by precipitation with polyethylene glycol or extracted with Nucleospin RNA XS . Detection of viral pathogens depended on the method used . These results contribute to the understanding of method associated biases , within the field of viral sewage metagenomics , making evaluation of the current literature easier and helping with the design of future studies .

Received : 1 June 2016 Accepted : 7 August 2017

To quantify the COVID-19 outbreak size in Iran based on known exported case counts and air travel links between Iran and other countries , and to anticipate where infections originating in Iran may spread to next .

The Coronavirus Disease 2019 ( COVID-19 ) epidemic began in Wuhan , China in late 2019 and continues to spread globally ( 1 ) , with exported cases confirmed in 28 countries at the time of writing ( 2 ) . During the interval between February 19 and 23 , 2020 , Iran reported its first 43 cases with eight deaths . Three exported cases originating in Iran were identified , suggesting a underlying burden of disease in that country than is indicated by reported cases . A large epidemic in Iran could further fuel global dissemination of COVID-19 .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint . https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.02.24.20027375 doi : medRxiv preprint 2

Data for this analysis were complied from routine sources ; press reports from CPAC ; and parameters estimated from modeling studies for the early ( exponential growth phase ) of the epidemic in China . The number of attendees and the number of confirmed COVID-19 cases at CPAC was collected from press reporting . The epidemic doubling time was taken from previous work which estimated from data on the outbreak in Wuhan , China . This doubling time from the Wuhan data was estimated to be 6.4 days , ( 95 CrI 5.8 - 7.1 ) , and we used a lognormal distribution for D following literature values for other doubling times [ 5 , 6 ] .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint . https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.03.17.20037648 doi : medRxiv preprint

Author ( s ) Description . CC-BY 4.0 International license It is made available under a author / funder , who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity .

Specifically , the 80 % projection interval for I t is given by the 10 th and 90 th percentiles of samples { I Analysis was performed using R [ 10 ] for a 16 - day window after March 1 , in 1 - day intervals . Standard 95 % and 80 % confidence intervals were constructed across the forecast period .

Point estimates for projected incidence were obtained directly using Eq . 1 and the point estimates of doubling time and initial incidence . Uncertainty in the number of infections was obtained by taking 30 , 000 Monte Carlo samples of I 0 and D according to their probability densities , and constructing a probability mass function for trajectories , I t ,

In order to further illustrate the efficiency of our method , combining mBKM and DMk , we compare mBKM with DMk to two other clustering programs : BlastClust [ 27 ] and CD-HIT-EST [ 39 ] . BlastClust is an alignment-dependent clustering algorithm . BlastClust is from NCBI Blast package . BlastClust accepts a number of parameters that can be used to control the clustering stringency including thresholds for score density (  S parameter ) , and alignment length (  L parameter ) . CD-HIT-EST is a popular DNA clustering program based on greedy incremental clustering method . CD-HIT-EST groups DNA sequences into clusters that meet a userdefined similarity threshold (  c parameter ) and uses short-word filters to rapidly determine that if two sequences are similar , which reduces the number of full alignments necessary .

The task of sequence clustering is to group given sequences into clusters . The similarity measure , DMk , measures the similarity between DNA sequences based solely on the k-tuple . It is more effective than the k-tuple distance , which is one of the most widely used methods . The clustering algorithm , mBKM , can obtain better clustering results and can reveal the relationships among clusters in hierarchical manner . In the next experiments , we combine mBKM with DMk to clustering DNA sequences .

From Table 2 , we observe that mBKM using DMk achieves best result and clearly outperforms other methods for the four data sets . The average F-measure of mBKM with k-tuple is about 2.2 % higher than KM with k-tuple ( p = 0.036 ) , 45 % higher than SL with k-tuple ( p = 0.001 95 ) , 11.4 % higher than CL with k-tuple ( p = 0.042 4 ) , 19 % higher than AL with k-tuple ( p = 0.086 15 ) and 2.3 % higher than BKM ( p = 0.014 1 ) . For mBKM with DMk , F-measures for DS1 , DS2 , DS3 , and DS4 are 0.808 , 0.964 5 , 0.914 3 , and 0.958 7 respectively . On average , the value of F-measure given by mBKM is 14.2 % better than KM ( p = 0.000 25 ) , 21.3 % better than SL ( p = 0.010 5 ) , 15.4 % better than CL ( p = 0.028 35 ) , 10.1 % better in AL ( p = 0.068 6 ) , and 2.3 % higher than BKM ( p = 0.001 5 ) respectively . These results show that our method , combining mBKM with DMk , is able to achieve high quality results on all the data sets .

In order to illustrate the efficiency of mBKM in gene sequence clustering , we ran mBKM with the k-tuple distance and DMk on real data sets listed in Table 1 . The clustering results are compared with those of KM , SL , CL , AL and BKM algorithms . For BKM , the number of iterations for each bisecting step is set to 5 . We ran BKM 10 times to obtain the average F-measure . By combing the six clustering algorithms with two similarity measures , we have 12 combinations of clustering algorithm for performance assessment . The combinations are KM with k-tuple , SL with k-tuple , CL with k-tuple , AL with k-tuple , BKM with k-tuple , mBKM with k-tuple , KM with DMk , SL with DMk , CL with DMk , AL with DMk , BKM with DMk and mBKM with DMk .

DMk measures the similarity between DNA sequences more effective than the k-tuple distance . This is because DMk measures the distance between DNA sequences based on sequence structure and composition . Through evaluation on gene families and constructing phylogenetic trees of full gene sequences of 10 species , we find that DMk gives more competitive results compared to the k-tuple distance .

The most important findings of this study are that we provide substantial evidence for the genetic diversity of HCoV-OC43 . At least three distinct clusters ( A , B , C / D ) of HCoV-OC43 strains are circulating among adults with ARI in Beijing in 2010 and some novel unique clusters ( UNT ) of HCoV-OC43 was found . Our data also suggest that cluster-specific genetic markers and natural recombinant events in the HCoV-OC43 genome need further investigation .

Previous reports have shown that infection with HCoV-OC43 was more common amongst elderly persons [ 18 , 34 , 40 ] . However , the HCoV-OC43 detection rates were similar among the different age groups of adults enrolled in our study . A few reports have suggested that the peak of infection occurs in winter and early spring [ 39 , 40 , 41 ] . Our study determined that HCoV-OC43 infection among adult patients occurred mainly in autumn of 2010 in Beijing , which is consistent with another study in Beijing that found that HCoV-OC43 infection was most prevalent in summer and early autumn [ 34 ] . No association was found between specific clusters of HCoV-OC43 strains and clinical signs or symptoms in this study .

The partial S and N genes of HCoV-OC43 from the nasopharyngeal swabs of patients with ARI were amplified and sequenced . The partial S gene from 50 amplicons from Beijing patients were compared with those from porcine haemagglutinating encephalomyelitis virus ( PHEV ) , bovine coronavirus ( BCoV ) , and 19 reference strains of HCoV-OC43 found in GenBank ( Table S1 in File S1 ) . The resulting phylogenetic tree revealed the existence of various virus clusters ( left in Figure 1 ) . Seven HCoV-OC43 strains from Beijing ( LY1 , LY82 , LY84 , XH1316 , XH1327 , XH1400 , and XH1444 ) along with five reference strains from genotype A belonged to Cluster A . The OC43 ( DQ355405 ) and OC43-BE03 ( AY903459 ) strains of genotype B belonged to Cluster B . Genotypes C ( HK04-01 ) and D ( BE04 and HK04-02 ) were difficult to separate based on partial S gene sequences . Nineteen clinical isolates from Beijing patients formed a novel unique cluster and showed high similarity with isolates from Japan ( AB695079 ) and France ( DQ355408 ) , which were named as UNT ( C / D ) . Interestingly , two ATCC prototype strains ( Z32768 and Z32769 ) and three English isolates ( HC734573 , CQ772300 , and DD266155 ) of HCoV-OC43 , which showed high similarity with BCoV ( AF391542 ) , formed a unique untyped cluster , which we termed untyped cluster I ( UNT1 ) . In addition , 20 HCoV-OC43 clinical isolates from Beijing ARI patients were phylogenetically distinct from the other major clusters and formed another unique cluster , which we termed as UNT ( B ) . Forty partial N-based amplicons from Beijing ARI patients combined with those from eight reference strains of HCoV-OC43 generated four major phylogenetic clusters ( right in Figure 1 ) . Cluster A comprised only one clinical strain from Beijing patient ( LY373 ) and four reference strains from genotype A . Two clinical strains from Beijing ( LY254 , LY321 ) and the reference strain of genotype B ( BE03 ) formed Cluster B . Seventeen clinical strains from Beijing ( LY241 , 249 , 262 - 267 , 270 - 274 , 277 , 278 , 308 , 326 ) , which formed unique subcluster ( UNT ) and showed significant divergence from the reference strain of genotype C ( HK04-01 ) and D ( BE04 , HK04-02 ) . The remaining reference or clinical strains from Beijing formed the major cluster , named as C / D .

Demographic data and clinical features were compared between groups of patients using the x 2 - or Fisher 's exact test for categorical variables in SAS programme version 9.2 . Logistic regression analysis was performed using 95 % confidential intervals ( CI ) to identify any relationship between HCoV-OC43 infection and clinical symptoms . P values , 0.05 were considered to indicate a significant difference .

To determine the diversity of HCoV-OC43 , two multiple nucleotide sequence alignments were prepared using Clustal X version 2.1 and BioEdit Sequence Alignment Editor [ 37 ] . Using MEGA 5.05 ( http://www.megasoftware.net/ ) [ 38 ] , two neighbour-joining phylogenetic trees ( bootstrap values : 1000 , Kimura 2 parameter model ) were constructed based on alignment of the S and N nucleotide sequences [ 39 ] , respectively , from the HCoV-OC43 isolates in Beijing and some HCoV-OC43 reference strains in GenBank ( Table S1 in File S1 ) .

Fifty partial S gene and forty partial N gene sequences from positive samples were sequenced and submitted to the GenBank sequence database under the accession numbers KF512574 to KF512663 ( Table S1 in File S1 ) .

To determine the prevalence , epidemiology and genetic diversity of human coronavirus OC43 ( HCoV-OC43 ) among adult patients with acute respiratory infections ( ARI ) in Beijing , five hundred and fifty-nine nasopharyngeal swab samples were collected from adult patients with ARI in Beijing . The prevalence of HCoV-OC43 infection among these patients was assessed using two different OneStep reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction ( RT-PCR ) assays . The epidemiological profiles of the patients with HCoV-OC43 infection were described . Partial S and N genes of HCoV-OC43 circulating strains were sequenced followed by phylogenetic analysis and amino acid alignment . Our results showed that the prevalence of HCoV-OC43 infection was 12.52 % ( 95 % CI : 9.78 - 15.26 % ) , and the epidemic peak occurred in autumn . Fifty partial S and 40 partial N fragments were obtained from these patients . Phylogenetic analysis based on neighbour-joining method showed that at least three distinct clusters ( A , B , C / D ) of HCoV-OC43 strains were circulating among adult patients with ARI in Beijing . In addition , some novel unique clusters ( UNT ) of HCoV-OC43 were found in the S-and N-based phylogenetic trees . Furthermore , consensus amino acids substitutes for each cluster were also found after alignment of partial S or N sequence coding region in this study . In conclusion , we herein describe the prevalence of HCoV-OC43 among adult patients and provide substantial evidence for the genetic diversity of HCoV-OC43 circulating in Beijing .

Our conceptual approach sees policy and practices within blood services and the plasma products industry as situating bodies in different ways - MSM donors , donors with a history of transfusion , donor bodies at risk of variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease ( vCJD ) , female and male donors , and racialised bodies . Blood services and the plasma products industry produce difference through the development of categories for sorting , screening , testing , matching and evaluating donor and recipient bodies . White male donor bodiessymbolising the typical blood donor for national blood serviceshave come to be viewed as superior sources of blood and plasma products .

Transfusion science is a discourse or truth regime which creates and translates rules into clinical practices and industry standards in blood services . It underpins not only the organisation and delivery of such services but also the global plasma products industry . Gendered bodies are both naturalised and made invisible in a discourse which draws heavily on universalising myths that seek to value blood and plasma donation as a social and public good , and ties donation to citizenship and social solidarity . It also assumes that bioavailability ( Cohen , 2005 ) has equalising effects whereby all donations are equally valued , despite evidence to the contrary which we will discuss in more detail later .

Feminist analyses have drawn attention to the ways in which gender inequalities are obscured through the universalising narratives of the liberal humanist subject and modernist science . From the 1970s onwards , studies explored aspects of women 's health and elaborated ways in which contemporary biomedicine perpetuated masculinist notions of healthy bodies , neglected the specificities of women 's experience of illness and health , and pathologised pregnancy and childbirth ( see , for example , Martin , 1993 ) . Health services have been shown to institutionalise discriminatory practices perpetuating health and social inequalities . Through a focus on embodiment and lived experience , the gendered aspects of health and illness were described . Essentialist readings of the gendered body increasingly became problematised , and understandings of the body as a naturalised , biological given were seen as unsatisfactory . Instead , accounts of the multiple , socio-historical and cultural processes which produce bodies and bodily difference highlighted the contingent and uncertain , leaky boundaries of bodies ( Shildrick , 1997 ) . The regulation , disciplining and production of bodies through the biomedical sciences became more clearly recognised as a political project , part of a new kind of ' vital politics ' or biopolitics ( Rose , 2007 ) . Biopower is seen as productive . Following Haraway and others , the entanglement of biology and politics becomes evident , including theories of the immune system ( Martin , 1994 ) , transplantation science ( Shildrick , 2008 ) , regenerative medicine ( Kent , 2012 ) and , we argue , transfusion science . In short , contemporary theorising of gender raises a number of questions about how gender difference is enacted in blood services through material and discursive practices .

With these questions in mind , we conclude that blood relations are gendered , transfusion science produces gendered bodies and technologies of plasma fractionation are shaped by gender inequalities . In order to explore this argument , the article first discusses the significance of gender for blood and plasma donation . Then we look at how gender relations structure the production and use of the plasmaderived product Anti-D Immunoglobulin ( Anti-D Ig ) in the treatment of parturient women to prevent haemolytic disease of the fetus and newborn ( HDFN ) .

Our reading of the UK ' male preference policy ' for plasma is that it is discriminatory . It constructs all women as risky plasma donors regardless of their age , reproductive history or antibody status . Implemented with no public consultation or discussion , there is a continuing lack of public information or explanation of this policy . This in turn raises questions about the ethics of donation - the information given to women about becoming blood donors . While retaining women donors in the donor pool may be an important policy objective , the different ways in which their donations are processed is information which should be made available . The myths of universality , citizenship and solidarity should be publicly elaborated upon to explain and justify the ways in which women are treated as different kinds of donors from men . As we have shown , women are unable to donate blood as frequently as men ; all women 's plasma is likely to be discarded in the UK ; and elsewhere its use is limited to processing for fractionation .

A very good friend of mine is a midwife and she regularly administers Anti-D . I asked her do you understand that this is a pooled blood product and if one of your patients asked you what are the risks would you know ? She did n't . ( Int . 2 , Government adviser ) More recently , administration of Anti-D Ig has become a target for training of midwives and will shortly be the subject of a national audit in the UK . Although there are no direct health benefits to women from routine administration of Anti-D Ig , and despite some criticism ( Wickham , 2001 ) , the prevention of HDFN remains a priority and justification for its use ( Harkness , 2012 ; Harkness et al . , 2008 ; NICE , 2008 ) . However , current UK guidelines recommend that all RhD negative women should be offered prophylactic Anti-D Ig , which means that those who carry a RhD negative fetus ( approximately 40,000 women per year ) receive this product unnecessarily ( Finning et al . , 2008 ) .

A high-profile political scandal followed . Positive Action , a support group for women affected by the contamination , successfully lobbied the government for a comprehensive health care package , and for a tribunal to be established to award financial compensation for the harm they had suffered ( Positive Action , 2012 ) . The Irish government also convened a Tribunal of Inquiry , which found that there had been a clear contravention of policy guidelines in relation to both the way in which blood was collected as source material for Anti-D Ig and the protocols used in the manufacture of the product by the BTSB ( Tribunal of Inquiry , 1997 : 148 ) . A programme to trace and identify all the women who received HCV-contaminated Anti-D Ig found that 1089 women were HCV antibody positive , of whom 503 are positive on polymerase chain reaction testing with viral type consistent with infection through Anti-D Ig ( Irish Blood Transfusion Service , 2012 ) . The Irish case highlighted the consequences of viral transmission through plasma products at a time when new technologies for viral testing were emerging , and the vulnerability of pregnant women receiving Anti-D Ig therapy .

Such measures have been designed to retain women donors while also adopting a risk reduction strategy . Yet one study suggested that cardiac patients who received female plasma transfusion had better outcomes and that excluding female plasma donors could have detrimental effects ( Welsby et al . , 2010 ) . Others argued that evidence supported female donor screening and exclusion ( Shaz et al . , 2011 ) . Paradoxically , while the gender identity of FFP is considered important in relation to TRALI , in a recent study of the use of FFP in England which questioned its clinical benefits , no data on the gender of patients receiving it were collected ( Stanworth et al . , 2011 ; Yang et al . , 2012 ) .

Strategies to prevent TRALI have been implemented in diverse ways in other countries , based on differing interpretations of the evidence of the link with female donor plasma . In Australia , for example , the Australian Red Cross Blood Service now has a policy to use predominantly male-only plasma for fresh plasma products . In its publicly available Factsheet , it cites the UK experience as the evidence base , while also acknowledging scientific uncertainty about the causes of TRALI ( Australian Red Cross Blood Service , 2012 ) . In the US , account is taken of both the diverse causes of TRALI ( Chapman , 2011 ) and scientific uncertainties surrounding the syndrome . US proposals highlight the need for a ' partial , incremental approach in making policy decisions ' and suggested ' a plasma diversion strategy ' , which diverted female plasma for fractionation and used male plasma for transfusion , but which sought to avoid alienating and confusing female donors ( Eder et al . , 2007 ) . In Canada , a combination of preference for male plasma transfusion and high-volume plasma components , and screening of women who have a history of pregnancy , has been thought to improve transfusion outcomes ( Lin et al . , 2012 ) .

' male FFP ' could be implemented without loss of any donors and without the need to discuss the policy with the company undertaking fractionation . Donors were already aware that plasma from most donations was discarded and we have not specifically communicated the male plasma policy to them . Similarly , the decision to suspend most BC-derived PLT [ buffy-coat-derived pooled platelet concentrates ] pools in male plasma could be implemented relatively easily . ( Chapman et al . , 2009 : 449 ) Although all female plasma was to be discarded at the first stage of processing following donation , it was not considered necessary by UK blood services to inform women donors that this was to take place . This appears to have been rationalised on the basis that the services did not want to adversely affect their willingness to donate blood . This presumes that some women might decide not donate blood if they knew that all their plasma was discarded and that women have no entitlement to such information .

Most European countries get their plasma from volunteer nonremunerated donors . [ . . . ] And there 's no way you can get a safe plasma supply if you pay the donors and unfortunately Britain is now importing plasma in the hundreds of thousands , hundreds of tons , from plasma donors in the US , which is a disgrace . There 's no other word for it . And you are undermining the self-sufficiency of Europe because of your , I have to say , silly rules , about not using British plasma . ( Int . 14 , International donor organisation )

In the UK , blood donation policy and the use of plasma products has been shaped by concerns about the potential risks of transmission of the prion disease vCJD . As we explain , plasma obtained from male whole blood donors may be used to produce fresh frozen plasma ( FFP ) for transfusion in adults but no British plasma is used to manufacture plasma products . As a consequence many plasma products and tons of plasma for use in UK plasma product manufacture are imported . 2 It is a policy that is regarded as ' silly ' by another respondent who saw blood and plasma donation in Europe differently :

The collection and supply of blood for use in the production of a range of components and plasma products has now become a complex undertaking for national blood services ( see Figure 1 ) . On the one hand , it is characterised by enduring socio-cultural and political concerns about preferred methods of collection in line with national preferences , which most often crystallises as support for the gift relationship in western bioeconomies . On the other hand , such concerns must be managed in the context of interconnectedness both within and across national boundaries , in relation to collection and supply ( Waldby and Mitchell , 2006 ) . This shifts over time and space in the face of emerging risks to blood safety , as well as in relation to changing market demands for blood components and plasma products . Further layers of complexity are added to the mix because collection and manufacturing practices differ between blood components or plasma products , and both for-profit and not-for-profit organisations are involved in such practices : Figure 1 . Fresh blood components and plasma-derived and recombinant products . Source : www . blood . gov . au / about-blood when we talk about blood products and plasma products , they 're very different . When you talk about a labile blood product that 's going to be mainly used for transfusion purposes and when you talk about a plasma product which is basically a product which is a finished pharmaceutical , it 's a product that has undergone a manufacturing cycle , it 's a stable product . So it 'll have much longer shelf-life and they are products that circulate on the international level , whereas labile blood products tend to be products that have much shorter shelf-life that are used on a national scale . So that 's one of the key differences . Another difference , I would say lies with collection practices , for both blood and plasma products . Blood products , obviously they come from blood donations made by blood donors . Plasma products , most of the plasma products used on a global scale come from plasmapharesis donors . So these are people who actually donate the plasma but not the whole blood . They go to specialised plasmapharesis centres [ . . . this ] accounts for approximately 70 percent of the plasma that is used for therapeutic purposes on a global scale . And then the 30 percent of the remaining plasma comes from plasma that has been recovered from blood donation . ( Int . 16 , Executive of an international patient organisation )

In 2003 the UK National Blood Service introduced a policy of ' male donor preference ' which involved women 's plasma being discarded following blood collection . The policy was based on the view that data relating to the incidence of Transfusion-Related Acute Lung Injury ( TRALI ) was linked to transfusion with women 's plasma . While appearing to treat female donors as equal to male donors , exclusion criteria operate after donation at the stage of processing blood , thus perpetuating myths of universality even though only certain ' extractions ' from women are retained for use in transfusion . Many women in the UK receive a plasmaderived product called Anti-D immunoglobulin which is manufactured from pooled male plasma . This article examines ways in which gender has significance for understanding blood relations , and how the blood economy is gendered . In our study of relations between blood donors and recipients , we explore how gendered bodies are produced through the discursive and material practices within blood services . We examine both how donation policies and the manufacturing and use of blood products produces gendered blood relations .

All immunoblotting was performed as previously described [ 17 ] . Briefly , for bacteria grown in broth , overnight cultures were diluted 1 : 10 into BHI , incubated for five hours at 37 ° C , shaking , then the bacteria were separated from the supernatant by centrifugation . For secreted proteins , the supernatant was treated with 10 % v / v TCA for one hour on ice to precipitate all proteins . The protein pellet was washed twice with ice-cold acetone , followed by vacuum drying . The proteins were dissolved in LDS buffer ( Invitrogen ) containing 5 % BME using a volume that normalized for OD 600 of harvested bacteria , boiled for 20 minutes , and separated by SDS-PAGE . For surface associated proteins , bacteria were suspended in 150 1 ⁄ 4 L of LDS buffer containing 5 % BME , boiled for 20 minutes , and proteins separated by SDS-PAGE .

To analyze virulence , female CD-1 mice were infected intravenously ( i.v. ) via the tail vein using 200 1 ⁄ 4 L of sterile PBS containing 10 5 CFU of each L . monocytogenes strain as previously described [ 80 ] . The infection was allowed to progress for 48 hours , at which point animals were euthanized and the spleens and livers were harvested . Organs were homogenized in 0.1 % NP-40 and serial dilutions were plated on LB agar containing streptomycin . Graphs represent pooled data from at least two experiments of greater than four mice each . Groups were statistically compared using a heteroscedastic Student 's t-test . In vivo suppressors were identified similarly to previously described methods [ 17 ] . Briefly , CD-1 mice were infected i.v. with 1 x 10 7 CFU of " gshF for 72 hours and the livers were harvested , homogenized , and 100 1 ⁄ 4 L was inoculated into broth . Naïve mice were then infected with these liver homogenate cultures . After four successive infections bacteria isolated from infected livers were analyzed via plaque assay and two strains with intermediate plaque phenotype were selected for genome sequencing .

The plaque assay was carried out by conventional methods [ 22 , 76 ] . Briefly , L2 fibroblasts ( generated previously from L929 cells [ 77 ] and provided as a generous gift from Susan Weiss in 1988 , as detailed in Sun et al . [ 22 ] ) or TIB-73 hepatocytes ( ATCC TIB-73 ) were maintained in high-glucose DMEM medium plus 10 % FBS ( Hyclone ) , 2 mM L-glutamine ( Gibco ) , and 1 mM sodium pyruvate ( Gibco ) . Cells were plated at 1.2 x 10 6 cells per well in a six-well dish and infected the next day at an MOI of 300 with L . monocytogenes grown overnight at 30 ° C , stationary . The infection was allowed to proceed for one hour before the wells were washed twice with PBS and 3 mL of medium plus 0.7 % agarose and 10 1 ⁄ 4 g / mL gentamicin was overlaid . At 48 hours post-infection the plaques were stained with 2 mL of medium plus 0.7 % agarose , 10 1 ⁄ 4 g / mL gentamicin , and 25 1 ⁄ 4 L / mL neutral red ( Sigma ) . The plaques were then imaged at 72 hours post-infection . Plaque area was quantified using ImageJ software [ 78 ] . Each experiment represented an average of the area of at least five plaques per strain as a proportion to wild type plaques in that experiment . Data are representative of at least three experiments .

Transposons in the chromosome were introduced into different genetic backgrounds by generalized transduction using the phage U153 , as previously described [ 29 , 75 ] . Briefly , a transducing lysate was generated by lysogenizing approximately 10 9 CFU of L . monocytogenes transposon donor with approximately 10 7 PFU of phage in 3 - 4 mL of 0.7 % LB Agar containing MgSO 4 and CaCl 2 ( 10 mM each ) on LB agar and incubated overnight at 30 ° C . Phage was soaked out of the agar by incubating with 5 mL of TM buffer ( 10 mM Tris , pH 7.5 and 10 mM MgSO 4 ) for 8 - 24 hours and these recovered phage stocks were filter sterilized . With the newly generated transducing lysate , 10 8 L . monocytogenes recipients were lysogenized with 10 7 PFU of lysate , incubated at 30 ° C for 30 min in LB containing MgSO 4 and CaCl 2 ( 10 mM each ) , and then plated on selective BHI agar at 37 ° C . When transducing the himar1 transposon using erythromycin selection , colonies appeared after two days . These colonies were purified by restreaking transductants for single colonies and verified by sequencing the transposon junction . U153 phage stocks were propagated using L . monocytogenes strain SLCC-5762 .

Preparation of electro-competent L . monocytogenes and himar1 transposon mutagenesis were performed as previously described [ 29 ] , generating a transposon mutant library that was not fully characterized previously [ 17 ] . Transposon junctions were mapped as previously described [ 71 ] . The position of each himar1 transposon refers to to the distance of the insertion site , 3 ' of the first nucleotide of each gene . Transposons were mapped to the 10403 S genome , however , for continuity of nomenclature the EGD-e loci names have been used . For reference : lmo0441 ( LMRG _ 00133 ) , lmo0443 ( LMRG _ 00135 ) , rsbX is lmo0896 ( LMRG _ 02320 ) , yjbH is lmo0964

PrfA is a cAMP receptor protein ( Crp ) family transcriptional regulator that is absolutely essential for L . monocytogenes virulence gene expression and pathogenesis [ 8 ] . PrfA-mediated gene expression is regulated by PrfA abundance , affinity for target promoters , and activation via cofactor binding [ 9 ] . PrfA levels are controlled by three promoters . The most proximal promoter contains a site of negative regulation , while the most distal is a PrfA-dependent readthrough transcript that is essential for appropriately high levels of intracellular gene expression [ 10 ] [ 11 ] [ 12 ] . PrfA binds a palindromic DNA sequence ( PrfA-box ) and deviations from a consensus sequence result in lower affinity DNA-PrfA interactions [ 13 ] . The affinity of PrfA for DNA determines the degree of transcriptional activation prior to PrfA allosteric activation [ 14 ] . For example , the gene encoding LLO ( hly ) has a high affinity PrfA-box and consequently is expressed even during growth in broth when PrfA is not activated . In contrast , the actA promoter contains a lower affinity PrfA box and is not expressed during growth in broth [ 15 , 16 ] . Upon entry into the host cell cytosol , PrfA is over-expressed and is activated by a two-step process : first , binding of PrfA to DNA requires reduction of the four PrfA cysteine residues while full transcriptional activation of PrfA requires allosteric binding to glutathione [ 17 ] . The requirement for glutathione can be bypassed by mutations that lock PrfA in its active conformation ( PrfA Ã ) [ 18 ] . Strains with PrfA Ã mutations constitutively express PrfA-activated genes and consequently have growth defects extracellularly , demonstrating the importance of regulating virulence gene expression [ 19 , 20 ] . However , even PrfA Ã strains grown in broth fail to synthesize the amount of ActA observed intracellularly , which is likely attributable to translational control localized to the 5 ' untranslated region ( 5 ' UTR ) [ 21 ] . Despite these findings of exquisite gene regulation , little is known about trans-acting factors that affect expression of PrfA or PrfA-activated genes .

Eliminating host nitric oxide synthase ( NOS2 ) or NADPH oxidase did not rescue growth of the suicide mutant ( S3 Fig ) . NOS2-generated nitric oxide is required for efficient L . monocytogenes cell-to-cell spread during infection , although this is due to the nitric oxide-mediated delay of phagolysosome maturation and not a direct effect on the bacteria [ 52 ] . Together , these data suggest that a combination of host factors are likely required to activate actA during infection .

Many groups have reported that the occurrence of coinfections with HCoV-NL63 and other respiratory viruses , including other human coronaviruses , influenza A virus , respiratory syncytial virus ( RSV ) , parainfluenza virus and human metapneumovirus ( hMPV ) , are common [ 26 , 30 , 46 , 47 , 51 , 53 , 54 , 60 , 61 ] . Also , co-infected patients are more likely to be hospitalized , indicating the severity of this kind of superinfection . In a study from Germany , RSV-A and HCoV-NL63 was the most common co-infection indentified in children less than three years of age . This is probably due to the high incidence of RSV-A in winter and the overlap in seasonality of the viruses [ 53 ] . Also , in Italy , HCoV-NL63 circulates as a mixture of variant strains and is often associated with other viral infections [ 30 ] . In South Africa , co-infection of patients with HCoV-NL63 and bocavirus in hospitalized children is reported . Nasopharyngeal and bronchoalveolar lavage samples from 341 patients were screened for common respiratory viruses , and the copresence of HCoV-NL63 and bocavirus in at least one sample was reported [ 62 ] .

It is well documented that SARS-CoV and HCoV-NL63 use the same receptor , angiotensin converting enzyme ( ACE ) -2 , for entry into the host cell [ 41 , 42 ] . However , the consequences following the entry are very different ; SARS-CoV causes severe respiratory distress , while HCoV-NL63 might lead to a mild respiratory infection . This was attributed to the ability of each virus receptor-binding protein , spike or S protein , to bind to ACE-2 on the cell surface . It was found that the HCoV-NL63 S protein has a weaker interaction with ACE-2 than the SARS-CoV S protein . This lower-affinity interaction with ACE-2 might partly explain the different pathological consequences of infection by SARS-CoV and HCoV-NL63 [ 43 ] .

Unlike the SARS-CoV genome , the HCoV-NL63 genome encodes for only one accessory protein , ORF3 ( Fig . 1 ) . ORF3 is expressed from distinct subgenomic ( sg ) mRNA 3 , which is one of at least six distinct mRNAs [ 4 ] . The ORF3 gene encodes for a putative 225 amino acid protein , about 25.6 kDa in size . Pyrc et al . ( 2004 ) reports that the HCoV-NL63 ORF3 gene has a unique nucleotide composition and appears as a U-rich and A-poor region within the genome , indicating a recent gene transfer event from another viral or cellular origin [ 4 ] . The ORF3 protein of HCoV-NL63 is homologous to proteins of the other Group 1 coronaviruses , with an amino acid sequence most similar ( 43 % identity and 62 % similarity ) to HCoV-229E ORF4 . Based on comparative in silico analysis of HCoV-NL63 ORF3 and other human coronavirus ORF3-like homologues , Fielding and Suliman speculate that the protein could contribute to pathogenesis in the natural host [ 39 ] . More recently , studies have shown that HCoV-NL63 localizes along the secretory pathway ( ERGIC , Golgi , plasma membrane ) and colocalizes with the structural proteins M and E in the ERGIC . Also , studies have shown that this N-glycosylated protein is incorporated into virions during assembly . This further suggests an important function for HCoV-NL63 ORF3 , particularly in virus assembly and / or budding from the infected cell [ 40 ] .

Coronavirus genomes contain accessory genes found interspersed among the structural genes , which vary in number and location between the different coronavirus groups ( Fig . 1 ) . Both HCoV-NL63 and HCoV-229E are group I coronaviruses and encode for only one accessory gene product between the S and E genes [ 34 ] . Accessory genes are poorly characterized and the functions of the gene products are not well understood . Initial research into the functions of these genes has shown that they are nonessential and dispensable for virus growth in cell culture [ 5 , 6 , 35 ] . More recent studies have shown that the accessory genes are required for in vivo infection and pathogenecity in the natural host [ 6 , 7 , [ 36 ] [ 37 ] [ 38 ] .

The peripheral blood IgM + / IgD + / CD27 + Bmem correspond to circulating splenic marginal zone B cells and contribute to protection against blood-borne T-independent pathogens ( 15 , 21 ) . Pneumococcal polysaccharide-specific IgM + / IgD + / CD27 + Bmem displayed somatic mutations when isolated post immunization with a T-independent vaccine ( Pneumovax ) ( 22 ) . A vesicular stomatitis virus-Ebola vaccine generated a neutralizing IgM response that persisted despite administration of a booster vaccine ( 23 ) . These studies point to a previously under-appreciated contribution of hyper-mutated IgM + Bmem to protection against pathogens .

HS , KS , JW , CW , JB , RB , JJ , and ML contributed to the writing and editing of this review article .

The selection of the cell subset to be examined is crucial ; specific Bmem are rare , but available months after the acute response has subsided and their Ab repertoire is reflective of a wider response providing a more " historical " perspective of the specific response . Plasmablasts peak shortly after vaccination or infection , do not require Ag-specific baiting for isolation and their repertoire is typically representative of the current response only . PCs are rare in the periphery but can be generated in vitro by Bmem differentiation and while they provide information on the existing memory , this methodology does not take into account the influence of the tissue microenvironment which can not be fully recreated ex vivo .

Results from murine studies indicate that while immunization with CTD from the historical strains such as VPI10463 generates a robust recall response with neutralizing Abs that protect against lethal challenge , the CTD from hypervirulent strains such as BI / NAP1 / 027 generates a slow Bmem response with toxin-neutralizing Ab that only delays death post-lethal challenge ( 158 ) . Interestingly , although the TcdB from the two strains share 92 % homology , the anti-CTD Abs generated in immunized animal models do not cross neutralize toxin ( 159 ) . Furthermore a low serum concentration of anti-TcdA and - TcdB Abs have been linked to recurrence ( 160 ) underscoring the need to examine in depth the Ab responses in individuals with history of CDI and compare responses in those that suffer recurrences to those that do not . Specifically understanding the Bmem compartment will provide insights into disease recurrence and support better treatment strategies .

Plasmodium falciparum is the mosquito-borne parasite that causes malaria . According to the CDC , malaria caused an estimated 216 million cases of malaria and 445,000 deaths worldwide in 2016 . With repeated exposure , older children and adults slowly develop resistance to severe illness and death but never achieve complete resistance to infection ( 121 ) . In humans , P . falciparum infection generates a long-lived atypical Bmem response which develops slowly , after many years of malaria exposure , and is limited in magnitude ( 122 ) . The neutralizing IgG + Abs produced by atypical Bmem seen during malaria infection in adults differ in their V region repertoire from Abs produced by classical Bmem ( 123 ) . A similar study that examined the V gene of Abs in children , found no differences between the classical and atypical Bmem repertoire ( 121 ) . Infant immune repertoires are poorly characterized and thought to be limited in their ability to respond to Ag challenge ( 124 ) . A recent study isolated Bmem from infants and toddlers preinfection and during acute malaria infection and examined the Ab repertoire using a method known as molecular identifiers clustering-based immune repertoire sequencing ( 125 ) . This study found that infant Bmem could acquire over 20 mutations per H chain V region in response to malaria infection and the breadth of repertoire achieved was comparable to that in young adults exposed to malaria . It was also observed that upon malaria rechallenge , Bmem from toddlers previously exposed to malaria could undergo further mutations while retaining IgM expression . The ability to sequence and analyze the immune repertoire even from small samples has allowed a better understanding of the infant Bmem compartment which in turn can inform vaccine design and strategy to prevent malaria in this age group .

The emergence of S . pneumoniae serotypes not covered in the vaccine has driven the efforts to develop a " universal " vaccine that is not serotype-specific . Pneumococcal surface protein A ( PspA ) is found in all S . pneumoniae isolates and studies examining the Ab response against its proline-rich region have indicated that PspA may be a good vaccine candidate ( 118 ) ( 119 ) ( 120 ) . A detailed examination of the human anti-PspA Ab repertoire would allow a better understanding of the efficacy of PspA-based vaccines .

Clostridium tetani secretes tetanus toxin , which is responsible for the symptoms associated with tetanus disease . Since the introduction of tetanus toxoid ( TT ) - containing vaccines in the mid-1940s , the incidence of reported tetanus cases in the United States declined by over 98 % from 0.39 per 100,000 population in 1947 to 0.01 per 100,000 population in 2016 ( 106 ) . The tetanus-specific Ab repertoire has been characterized by several groups using different methods . Analysis of Fab libraries created from plasmablasts isolated day 6 post-TT vaccination indicated that 100 B cell clones and their hypermutated variants comprised the human polyclonal Ab repertoire ( 107 ) . The follow-up study examined the plasmablast V gene region after 3 TT vaccinations and suggested that the majority of the B cell clones developed in response to a single vaccination event ( 108 ) . Libraries created using a single human VL region paired with a collection of VH regions resulted in diverse and high affinity Abs where the TT-specificity was encoded solely by VH ( 109 ) . Lavinder and coworkers used high-resolution liquid chromatography tandem MS proteomic analyses of serum Abs coupled with next-generation sequencing of the V gene repertoire in peripheral B cells to understand the serum IgG and B cell repertoire following TT booster vaccination ( 110 ) . This study confirmed the previous finding that TT + serum IgG comprised < 100 clonotypes , but they found that only 3 clonotypes accounted for > 40 % of the response and that < 5 % of plasmablast clonotypes account for the Abs detected in the serum 9 months post-vaccination . As TT vaccines are very effective in preventing tetanus , characterizing the Bmem repertoire generated in response to this vaccine will provide information that is valuable in the improvement of vaccines to other pathogens .

As we will discuss , the techniques outlined above have been applied to Bmem subsets , allowing an improved understanding of their development and differentiation during specific diseases and post-vaccination .

Traditional mAb generation methods such as hybridoma technology ( Figure 3E ) involve the production of Ab from a hybridoma clone formed by the fusion of a myeloma cell with B cell from a donor or an immunized animal ( 53 , 76 ) . Although this method can generate high affinity mAb , it has to be combined with transgenic humanized mouse strains to obtain fully human mAb ( 77 ) .

Single-cell expression cloning involves application of reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction ( RT-PCR ) at the singlecell level for the amplification of Ig H and L chain genes that can be cloned and expressed in mammalian cell lines ( Figure 3 D ) . Plasmablasts and Bmem have been sorted from individuals post-vaccination or post-infection to generate human mAbs by single-cell expression cloning . This technique involves specific PCR amplification of Ab transcripts from individual cells and is technically challenging and dependent upon high quality primers ( 63 ) . Application of single-cell expression cloning for repertoire analyses can be difficult in peripheral B cell subsets that have fewer Ig transcripts per cell than plasmablasts ( 64 ) . Plasmablasts that secrete larger quantities of Ig are more amenable to these types of protocols . Although number of circulating plasmablasts are typically low in healthy individuals , 5 - 8 days after vaccination ( or infection ) there is a transient but large population of Ag-specific Ig-secreting cells that can be easily isolated ( 63 , 65 ) . This population can be distinguished from the IgG + Bmem population which peaks at 2 - 3 weeks post-immunization . Plasmablasts sorted from human PBMC 1 week after vaccination against influenza , Bacillus anthracis and Streptococcus pneumoniae have successfully yielded Ag-specific and high affinity mAbs ( 52 ) .

Unexpectedly , the world is facing the same situation as the previous outbreak due to a recent epidemic of atypical pneumonia caused by a novel coronavirus ( 2019 - nCoV ) in Wuhan , China ( 5 , 9 ) . Thus , a rapid drug application strategy that can be immediately applied to the patient is necessary . Currently , the only way to address this matter is to repurpose commercially available drugs for the pathogen in so-called " drug-repurposing " . However , in theory , artificial intelligence ( AI ) - based architectures must be taken into account in order to accurately predict drug-target interactions ( DTIs ) . This is because of the enormous amount of complex information ( e.g. hydrophobic interactions , ionic interactions , hydrogen bonding , and / or van der Waals forces ) between molecules . To this end , we previously developed a deep learning-based drug-target interaction prediction model , called Molecule Transformer-Drug Target Interaction ( MT-DTI ) ( 10 ) .

Another anti-HIV drug , Prezcobix of Johnson & Johnson , which consists of darunavir and cobicistat , was to be sent to China ( 16 ) , and darunavir is also predicted to have a Kd of 90.38 nM against 2019 - nCoV 's helicase ( Table 3 ) . However , there was no current supporting literature found for darunavir to be used as a CoV therapeutic .

Coronaviruses ( CoVs ) , belonging to the family Coronaviridae , are positive-sense enveloped RNA viruses and cause infections in birds , mammals , and humans ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) . The family includes four genera , such as Alphacoronavirus , Betacoronavirus , Deltacoronavirus , and Gammacoronavirus ( 4 ) . Two infamous infectious coronaviruses in the genus Betacoronavirus are severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus ( SARS-CoV ) ( 5 ) and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus ( MERS-CoV ) ( 6 ) , which have infected more than 10,000 people around the world in the past two decades . Unfortunately , the incidence was accompanied by high mortality rates ( 9.6 % for SARS-CoV and 34.4 % for MERS-CoV ) , indicating that there is an urgent need for effective treatment at the beginning of the outbreak to prevent the spread ( 7 , 8 ) . However , this can not be achieved with current drug development or an application system , taking several years for newly developed drugs to come to the market .

The child 's respiratory rate ( RR ) was assessed according to WHO guidelines [ 19 ] , counting twice for 1 min using a UNICEF timer . The lower of the two counts was used in the analyses . Children were weighed using a UNICEF electronic scale ( SECA , Hamburg , Germany ) accurate to 100 g with a mother / child-function , so the weight of the child could be determined while held by his or her mother . The child 's length / height was measured to the nearest 0.1 cm using a wooden measuring board ( as recumbent length in children < 2 years of age and as height in children e 2 years of age ) . Oxygen saturation ( SpO 2 ) was measured either on a finger or a toe with a pulse oxymeter ( Siemens MicO2 , Siemens Medical Systems Inc , Danvers , MA , USA ) using a pediatric sensor ( Nellcor , Pleasanton , CA , USA ) . It was recorded twice 1 min apart after stabilization of the sensor for 1 min . The higher of the two measurements was used in the analyses . The concentration of C-reactive protein ( CRP ) was determined from a capillary or venous blood specimen using a semi-quantitative rapid test ( QuikRead ® CRP , Orion Diagnostica , Espoo , Finland ) and a portable photometer ( QuikRead ® 101 , Orion Diagnostica ) according to the manufacturer 's instruction . The test had a measurement range of 8 to 160 mg / L and values outside the measurement range were indicated as < 8 or > 160 mg / L . NPA specimens were obtained using a sterile , disposable suction catheter ( Pennine Healthcare Ltd , Derbyshire , Study profile for children 2 to 35 months of age included in a study of viral community-acquired pneumonia in Bhaktapur , Nepal , from July 2004 to June 2007 Figure 1 Study profile for children 2 to 35 months of age included in a study of viral community-acquired pneumonia in Bhaktapur , Nepal , from July 2004 to June 2007 . Severe malnutrition was defined as < 70 % NCHS ( National Center for Health Statistics ) median weight for height . Severe anemia was defined as hemoglobin < 7 g / dl .

During a 3 - year period from 29 June 2004 to 30 June 2007 , we collected 2,230 nasopharyngeal aspirate ( NPA ) specimens from equally many cases of pneumonia in 1,909 children ( some children were included more than once ) . These children were , after obtaining informed parental consent , included in a study on zinc as adjuvant therapy for CAP ( to be presented elsewhere ) . All included children were randomized to receive either 10 to 20 mg elemental zinc dispersed in water or placebo tablets daily for 14 days . Cases with very severe pneumonia / disease , that is , cough or difficult breathing with stridor when calm or any general danger signs ( inability to drink / breastfeed , persistent vomiting , convulsions , lethargy , or unconsciousness ) were not included in the study , but instead referred to a tertiary level hospital after initial treatment . Other exclusion criteria are listed in the study profile ( Figure 1 ) . Children could not participate in the study again until after 6 months due to the 6 - month follow-up scheme of the clinical trial .

Based on antigenicity , genome organization and sequence homology , coronaviruses are divided into three distinct groups [ 20 ] . Group 1 contains transmissible gastroenteritis virus ( TGEV ) , porcine epidemic diarrhea virus ( PDEV ) , feline infectious peritonitis virus ( FIPV ) , canine coronavirus and HCoV-229E , among others . Group 2 contains mouse hepatitis virus ( MHV ) , bovine coronavirus , haemagglutinating encephalomyelitis virus , HCoV-HKU1 and HCoV-OC43 , to name a few , with Bat SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV considered distantly related Group 2 b coronaviruses . Group 3 contains the avian coronaviruses [ 21 ] [ 22 ] [ 23 ] . Based on phylogenetic analysis , HCoV-NL63 belongs to the Group I coronaviruses [ 2 , 24 ] . Interestingly , evidence of recombination during the evolution of HCoV-NL63 has been reported , and viral isolates have , in fact , a mosaic genome structure . The authors speculate that HCoV-NL63 diverged from a HCoV-229E ancestor in the past , followed by a separation into two distinct HCoV-NL63 lineages . These two lineages recombined during co-infection , giving rise to the two currently observed genotypic subgroups [ 24 ] [ 25 ] [ 26 ] [ 27 ] . In fact , recombination between different HCoV-NL63 isolates has been suggested , resulting in a mixture of clinical virus variants circulating in the human population [ 8 , [ 27 ] [ 28 ] [ 29 ] [ 30 ] .

tract infection ( coryza , conjunctivitis , and fever ) , while his chest X-ray showed typical features of bronchiolitis . The aspirate tested negative for all known respiratory viruses . A group of Dutch scientists found that the virus initiated a cytopathic effect when inoculated onto tertiary monkey kidney cells . The group used a new technique , VIDISCA , to clone and amplify the viral genome . VIDISCA is a novel approach that provides a fast and effective tool for amplification of unknown genomes based on cDNAamplified fragment length polymorphism [ 2 , 18 ] . The virus was identified as a member of the Coronaviridae family . It was shown to be a novel member of Group I coronaviruses because of the similarity of its genome sequence to HCoV-229E . Another group in the Netherlands [ 19 ] reported the independent isolation and identification of , essentially , the same virus at about the same time .

Molecular clock analysis is the average rate at which a species ' genome accumulates mutations and is used to measure that species ' evolutionary divergence . The reliability of molecular dating is dependent on the validity of the molecular clock hypothesis , which assumes that the substitution rate is roughly constant [ 83 ] , with an average substitution rate for coronaviruses estimated to be 10 4 substitutions per year per site [ 84 , 85 ] . With the lack of sufficient sequence data available for HCoV-NL63 , the substitution rate for HCoV-229E , using partial sequences of the S gene from different known dates , was calculated . Then , assuming a constant evolutionary rate in time and a constant evolutionary rate between the branches for HCoV-NL63 and HCoV229E , the time to their most recent common ancestor was dated to the 11 th century [ 24 ] . This shows that HCoV-NL63 has been present in the human population for centuries . In support of this finding , the virus described by Fouchier et al . was originally isolated from an eight-month old child in 1988 [ 19 ] . More recent studies in the Netherlands also supported the notion that only SARS-CoV has recently been introduced to the human population from an animal source , while HCoV-NL63 has been circulating in humans for a while [ 86 ] . With the exception of SARS-CoV , the coronaviruses infecting humans are not well studied . This is partly due to the prevailing view that they are only involved in mild respiratory tract infections . The introduction of sensitive molecular and cell biology techniques have aided in identifying three ' new ' human coronaviruses , which has improved our understanding of the classification of the coronaviruses . These modern tools now need to be developed further to make the sensitive and accurate detection of coronaviruses in clinical samples possible . This would increase our understanding of the extent to which coronaviruses affect human health . Importantly , Donaldson and colleagues has recently reported the assembly of a full-length infectious HCoV-NL63 clone , which will make the study of this virus easier , improving our understanding of the role of each of the proteins encoded by the HCoV-NL63 genome [ 87 ] . In the long run , molecular and cell biology tools could help elucidate the link , if any , between human coronaviruses and human diseases of the respiratory tract , the vascular system , the central nervous system and the gastrointestinal tract [ 82 ] . author whose work was inadvertently omitted from this review .

The discovery of the HCoV-NL63 and other novel human coronaviruses does not necessarily represent a sudden increase in emerging infections by ' new ' coronaviruses . In fact , in the early 1960 's , viral agents causing upper respiratory tract infections were isolated from patients and were subsequently shown to be coronaviruses by electron microscopy . At least four of these were shown to be serologically distinct from the known coronaviruses at the time [ 10 , 11 , 81 ] . However , with the clinical samples of these no longer available for study , it will never be known whether these ' old ' viruses and the ' new ' viruses represent the same strains [ 82 ] .

Serum samples have been screened for antibodies against HCoV-NL63 using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays ( ELISA ) [ 75 , 76 ] . An ELISA assay based on the N protein showed high seropositive results for serum samples from children younger than 20 years old [ 76 ] . Interestingly , the presence of maternally-acquired N-directed antibodies was detected in serum by ELISA [ 75 , 76 ] , usually decreasing within the first 4 - 5 months of life [ 76 ] . Potent neutralizing activity directed against HCoV-NL63 S protein was detected in virtually all serum samples from patients eight years of age or older , suggesting that HCoV-NL63 infection of humans is common and usually acquired during childhood [ 42 ] . Alarmingly , SARS-CoV infections appear to stimulate cross-reactive antibody responses to other human coronaviruses , including HCoV-NL63 [ 77 ] . Such cross reaction between human coronaviruses has been reported previously for immunoflourescence and complement fixation tests [ 78 , 79 ] . In fact , false positive results were also reported for SARS-CoV detection using ELISA tests based on the recombinant N antigen [ 80 ] . This cross-reactivity is most likely due to the presence of cross-reactive antigenic epitopes of the coronaviruses [ 77 ] . An awareness of this ( cross-reactivity is important when developing antigenand / or antibody-diagnostic assays and selecting the most suitable antigen or antigen target is important .

Colocalization with endosomal markers . Caco-2 monolayers were incubated with AF594-EV7 at 37 ° C . At 15 - min intervals , monolayers were fixed with a 3 : 1 mixture of ice-cold methanol-acetone and stained with antibodies specific for EEA-1 or LAMP-2 followed by FITC-conjugated secondary antibody and examined by confocal microscopy . Images with the best focus in the red ( virus ) channel were captured and analyzed . To exclude noninternalized virus , the cytoplasmic region of each cell was outlined with the freehand selection tool of ImageJ . Colocalization of red and green signal was determined , using the colocalization Test plugin in the WCIF ImageJ bundle to calculate Pearson 's correlation coefficient for each cell . Three independent experiments were performed . In each experiment , at least five images were analyzed for each time point .

Capsid conformational changes . Conversion of native virions to 135 S A particles was detected essentially as described in reference 12 . Monolayers were incubated with radiolabeled EV7 at 4 ° C , unbound virus was removed , and cells were either maintained in the cold or incubated at 37 ° C , either in the presence of R78206 or in DMSO alone . At 90 min , cells were lysed , debris was removed , and recovered virus was subjected to centrifugation in 15 to 35 % sucrose gradients .

Plasmids and siRNAs . Plasmids encoding green fluorescent protein ( GFP ) - tagged wild-type ( WT ) and K44A dominant negative ( DN ) dy-namin 2 ( 47 ) were provided by Mark McNiven ( Mayo Institute , Rochester , MS ) ; GFP-tagged WT and Y14F DN caveolin ( 48 ) were from Ari Helenius ( Swiss Federal Institute of Technology , Zurich ) ; EPS15-GFP WT and DN ( 49 ) were provided by Alice Dautry-Varsat ( Institut Pasteur , Paris ) . GFP-tagged WT and DN ( S34N ) Rab5 were provided by George Bloom ( University of Virginia ) , and WT and DN ( T22N ) Rab7 were provided by Craig Roy ( Yale University ) . Transfection with plasmids was performed using the Amaxa Nucleofector System ( Lonza ) . Transfected cells were plated at 1 ë 10 5 cells / well in collagen-coated 8 - well chamber slides ( BD ) and used for virus infection after 2 days .

The results we report here indicate that EV7 , after binding to DAF on the apical surface of polarized epithelial cells , is internalized by clathrin-mediated endocytosis and then moves to early and late endosomes before releasing its RNA into the cell . Drugs , siRNAs , and dominant negative mutants that perturb clathrinmediated endocytosis were found to inhibit both EV7 infection and internalization of virions from the cell surface . Internalized virions were seen to colocalize with early and late endosomal markers , and siRNAs and dominant negative mutants targeting Rab GTPases essential for endosomal maturation inhibited infection , acting upstream of RNA release .

In addition to providing an acidic environment , endosomes are rich in proteases ; endosomal cysteine proteases ( primarily cathepsins L and B ) have been shown to be important for a number of viruses , including reovirus ( 31 ) , ebolavirus ( 32 , 33 ) , murine hepatitis virus 2 ( 34 ) , and severe acute respiratory syndrome ( SARS ) coronavirus ( 35 ) . To examine the possible role of these cathepsins in entry by EV7 , we treated Caco-2 cells with inhibitors of cathepsins B and L at concentrations known to inhibit entry by reovirus ( 31 ) . No effect on EV7 infection was detected ( Fig . 6 B ) , despite significant inhibition of cathepsin B and L activity in treated cells ( Fig . 6 C and D ) . Similarly , the protease inhibitor . Not shown , wild-type GFP-Rab5 and - Rab7 had no effect on infection ( compared to GFP alone ) . ( C ) RNA release . Neutral red infectious center assays performed in cells pretreated with siRNAs targeting Rab5a , -5 b , -5 c , and -7 , compared to results for cells pretreated with negativecontrol siRNA . E-64 , which inhibits a variety of cysteine proteases , including cathepsins B and L , had no effect on EV7 infection ( data not shown ) . Thus , EV7 entry requires virus trafficking to late endosomes but does not depend on endosomal acidification or the activity of the major endosomal cathepsins .

We assessed appropriate sampling of chains graphically by ensuring mixing on trace plots , and convergence by ensuring the Gelman-Rubin statistic was < 1.2 . 34 , 35 We used non-informative prior distributions .

Changes in our global and regional climate systems will have important implications for health and health systems ( 11 ) ( 12 ) ( 13 ) ( 14 ) ( 15 ) ( 16 ) ( 17 ) ( 18 ) ( 19 ) ( 20 ) ( 21 ) ( 22 ) . The World Health Organization estimated that in the year 2000 , climate change caused approximately 150,000 excess deaths worldwide , as well as 5 million disability-adjusted life years ( 19 ) . Temperature and weather have direct effects on mortality and morbidity through the occurrence of extreme weather events , including heatwaves , cold periods , storms , floods , and droughts ( 11 , ( 23 ) ( 24 ) ( 25 ) . Such events can , in turn , affect the incidence of food-borne and water-borne disease ( 26 , 27 ) . The habitat and survival of insect species capable of transmitting many vector-borne diseases are affected by temperature and water regimes ( 28 , 29 ) . Many pathogen replication cycles are also determined by temperature conditions . Indirect impacts of climate change on livelihoods , such as increased economic vulnerability , reduced availability of food resources , and reduced allocation of government funding for health systems , may also have important , though unquantified , impacts on global health systems ( 2 , 12 , 14 , 18 , 20 , 30 ) .

Despite the magnitude and scope of climate change , the recent global financial crisis has overshadowed concern for , and prioritization of , climate change science , policy , and action . While the implications of economic crisis at the international and national levels are undoubtedly of legitimate priority and concern , placing climate issues on the back-burner is misguided for two reasons . First , while the financial crisis may be acute and possibly prolonged in the short term - years , but not decades - the climate change crisis will last well into the next century and beyond . Investments in health system capacity and surveillance need to be implemented in advance of emerging impacts to avoid and / or mitigate morbidity and mortality . Additionally , observed climate impacts will begin to rapidly accelerate over the next decade . In the absence of genuine and dramatic intervention , climate change impacts have the potential to be severe and acute on a scale greatly exceeding the current financial crisis ( 3 , 4 , 6 , 7 ) . The lack of action on climate change - including both mitigation of emissions and adaptation to current and future impacts - is generally rationalized based on the costs of interventions . The costs of a no-action approach , however , will be significant . The Stern Review , an independent assessment commissioned in the United Kingdom , estimated that a 5 - 6 ° C warming over the next century could result in losses of up to 20 % of global GDP ( 101 ) ; the report estimates the cost of mitigating climate emissions and severe impacts at approximately 1 % of global GDP . The health sector , which makes up 10 % of Canada 's Gross National Product ( GNP ) can make a significant contribution to climate change mitigation and adaptation in Canada ( 102 , 103 ) .

Mixed effects on malaria incidence and distribution ( expansion in some areas , contraction in others ) Very high confidence Increase in the burden of diarrhoeal diseases Medium confidence

In recognition that vaccine might be in short supply during the early phase of a pandemic , federal vaccine allocation guidelines were published in 2008 ( 33 ) . These guidelines laid the groundwork for the pandemic vaccine priority-group recommendations put forth during the 2009 A ( H1N1 ) pdm09 pandemic ( 34 ) . Antiviral medications are critical to a pandemic response , particularly in the interval between recognition of the pandemic and the availability of vaccine . Plans for using these countermeasures have stressed the need for early treatment of affected persons and assumed that the drugs would be scarce .

The 4 pandemic planning pillars-surveillance , vaccine and antiviral drug delivery , emergency response , and communication-are a solid foundation for pandemic preparation . Although state pandemic plans may have different structures , reliance on these pillars has remained more or less constant across jurisdictions and over time . The major contemporary developments in these core areas are summarized below .

The US government also initiated an advanced development agenda for vaccines , therapeutics , and diagnostics . BARDA co-invested with industry to modernize vaccine production methods , with the 5 - year aim of creating the capacity to produce sufficient vaccine to protect the entire US population within 6 months of the onset of an influenza pandemic ( 22 ) . The US government invested in modernizing diagnostic technologies for public health laboratories . In September 2008 , FDA approved specific PCR tests for a panel of influenza diagnostics to be used in CDC reference laboratories in the United States and Department of Defense laboratories around the world . This diagnostic test panel will detect and identify A ( H5N1 ) infections and distinguish novel influenza virus infection from infection with seasonal A , B , and A ( H1 ) and A ( H3 ) influenza viruses . BARDA and CDC awarded contracts in November 2006 for development and evaluation of clinical point-of-care rapid diagnostics to identify seasonal influenza viruses and A ( H5N1 ) viruses ( 25 ) .

In 2006 , the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority ( BARDA ) was established within the Department of Health and Human Services in response to the growing need for a centralized effort to coordinate research , development , and procurement of countermeasures against potential natural or intentional public health emergencies ( 23 ) . BARDA preparations for a possible A ( H5N1 ) pandemic included development of a stockpile of influenza vaccines produced by using strains circulating in poultry and wild birds in Asia ( 24 ) . In addition , the US government began to purchase influenza antiviral medications for the Strategic National Stockpile sufficient to treat 25 % of the US population . Additional investments were initiated to procure ventilators and personal protective equipment , such as respirators .

After the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States , public health preparedness emerged as a priority of the federal government . In 2001 , bioterrorism emergency funding support was provided to all states to assist in the nation 's response to the anthrax attacks . The 2003 reemergence of avian influenza A ( H5N1 ) infections in humans fundamentally altered the scale of pandemic preparedness . As the A ( H5N1 ) virus spread to more countries in East and Southeast Asia during 2004 - 2005 , concern grew among senior policymakers and public health experts that the world was on the verge of an influenza pandemic . A ( H5N1 ) infection in humans primarily resulted from exposure to ill poultry and had a case-fatality rate of H60 % . Substantial federal funding was provided for federal-level planning , procurement of countermeasures ( e.g. , vaccines and antiviral drugs ) , development of countermeasures , and state and local pandemic preparedness efforts ( 20 ) . State health departments eventually received $550 million to prepare for an influenza pandemic . Additional high-level policy engagement by the US federal government included the National Strategy for Pandemic Influenza , which was announced in November 2005 ( 21 ) , and the White House 's National Implementation Plan , which was published in May 2006 and addressed federal planning and response strategies : international transport and border control ; protection of human and animal health ; and security and continuity of operations issues ( 22 ) .

3 ) how vaccination priorities should be determined , and 4 ) other national and federal pandemic planning issues , such as infection control , patient triage , and antiviral drug usage ( R.A. Strikas , pers . comm . ) .

Global events helped accelerate interest in pandemic planning . In 1997 , Hong Kong recorded the first outbreak of avian influenza A ( H5N1 ) virus infections in humans . Virus was transmitted from infected chickens directly to humans , and 6 of 18 persons with confirmed infection died . In late 1997 , > 1.5 million chickens were culled throughout Hong Kong as part of successful efforts to stem the outbreak ( 18 ) . This event , combined with the 2003 reemergence of A ( H5N1 ) virus , led to concerns that the next pandemic would be caused by spread of A ( H5N1 ) virus through Asia into Africa and Europe .

Some causes for loss of GPS information in field studies have been recently described [ 27 ] . Although some of these causes might be present in our study , we believe they did not represent significant sources of bias or information loss , since we took some specific measures . For example , people were prevented of accidentally turning the GPS off by strapping a tape in the controls . In order to diminish the probability that the participants could forget their GPS units at home we performed a weekly phone call reminding them the importance of the usage attachment according the protocol during each individual follow-up . Barriers to signal were not important in the studied area since it is located in a plateau with few elevations , and buildings taller than 3 - stories are practically absent . Finally , the GPS equipment used in the study had battery autonomy of up to 32 straight hours and enough memory for recording up to five times the mean number of waypoints programmed to collect in each subject .

The actors that are necessary for DENV transmission are fairly well understood . Nonetheless , some of the dynamical features about these actors still need to be elucidated in order to understand how they impact on transmission . Human mobility has been studied in relation to other infectious diseases , where its role as an important driver for disease transmission has been proven [ 5 , 6 ] . Mathematical models have suggested that local scale human mobility may play a role in DENV transmission , outbreak persistence , and control efficiency [ 7 , 8 ] . However , little information is available on detailed human mobility patterns in geographic areas where DF is endemic or on confirmed cases during an outbreak .

It is possible that much of the movement in a given society is driven by specific population needs and the possibility to fulfill them within or outside from their own locality . Axochiapan is a fairly small and well connected locality to other small cities , all of them endemic for DF . It is not unrealistic to think that some of the population needs can be readily fulfilled within the same locality whereas other can not , compelling the population to move away in a permanent or transitory fashion . If a specific population such as that with age older than 25 becomes infected and effectively play a role as spreaders , then perhaps small and peripheral localities to larger cities might have a key importance in sustaining DENV transmission across large geographic areas . The assessment of such situations requires a critical review of existing data and the generation of specific studies that may help us to recast current models and more importantly , to completely understand urban DENV transmission [ 26 ] .

It is important to notice the high mean age of the cases in Axochiapan , in both the participants in the study and those recorded historically in the State of Morelos , in comparison to other endemic areas from Mexico and the Americas . This is however , consistent with a previous work in the area [ 13 ] , and is probably due to the fact that most ( 35 out of 42 members of the cases group ) of the cases that we studied were asymptomatic , also , although not statistically significant , the mean age of the asymptomatic individuals was higher than that from symptomatic individuals ( mean age asymptomatic : 31.54 vs mean age symptomatic : 17.43 , t test p = 0.053 5 ) . Thus , suggesting a possible stronger role of asymptomatic population with age above 25 as spreaders for DENV transmission .

Previous works have used GPS tools for measuring exposure to infectious diseases [ 16 ] [ 17 ] [ 18 ] . In DF , recent works in the endemic area of Iquitos , Peru , have elegantly described human population mobility [ 19 , 9 ] . However , few data are available for infected cases so far . Our work builds upon our knowledge of the role played by mobility in DENV transmission documenting spatial mobility of subjects from an endemic region that had , or had not been recently infected by DENV . Our data show that the people from Axochiapan stay within their houses or surrounding areas most of the time . This is consistent with previous observations in Iquitos , where population rarely moves more than 1 km away from their homes [ 10 ] , however , some individuals recorded movements to very distant locations through the relatively short follow-up period . These movements were present in all three study groups and exceeded a 100 - km radius from the center of the study , covering the neighboring states of Morelos , State of Mexico , Puebla , Mexico City , Tlaxcala and Hidalgo . All of these states are located in the Mexican central plateau , which is also the best connected region in the country and therefore it is not difficult to reach those destinations by commute travel [ 20 ] . Surprisingly , spatial mobility in humans was not geographically symmetrical in our study , since no movements were recorded to state of Guerrero , which is a coastal , highly endemic area for Dengue and also a popular destination for leisure activities . As for the reason why the mobility of the individuals is biased towards central plains in Mexico and practically absent towards the southern regions , it was a surprising finding also for us , but we think that it has to do with two factors : first the economic activities in Axochiapan are mainly related to agriculture , trade and services which are strongly influenced by the needs of Mexico City and its Metropolitan area , comprised also by the States of Morelos , Puebla , México and Hidalgo . The main cities of these states were those that were visited by the cases and in a lesser extent by the controls .

The hourly distribution of recorded waypoints out of the participant 's homes is shown in Fig 4 . As expected , participants usually left their homes early in the morning and returned by the end of the day . Although we recorded waypoints out of the participants ' homes in every hour of the day , the period comprised between 08 : 00 PM and 12 : 00 PM registered the peak in the number of waypoints recorded out of the homes , and this number decreased steadily as the day progresses . The pattern during weekdays ( Fig 4 A ) suggests that cases leave their homes and return to them slightly earlier than control groups . As for the weekends ( Fig 4 B ) , both control groups show a similar pattern to that observed for weekdays , nonetheless , cases seem to remain in their homes more often and return earlier . Table 2 shows values for different mobility variables . No significant differences were recorded among groups for the following variables : mean distance from home at all times , maximum recorded distance at any given time , and mean time spent in each geographic area at any speed or at static speed . Nonetheless , when comparing the number of visits per geographic area , the cases had fewer recorded visits in the area out of the locality but in the municipality ( 3.1 vs 18.7 , p = 0.042 8 ) , and more visits in the area out of the municipality ( 10.4 vs 2.9 , p = 0.028 2 ) , both compared to intradomestic controls . These differences were statistically significant .

The geographic universe in the study was divided in five areas ( 1 . - Inside the house , 2 . - Out of the house but in the locality , 3 . - Out of the locality but in the municipality , 4 . - Out of the municipality but in the state , 5 . - Out of the state ) , limited by four buffers . A circular buffer with 50 m radius around each participant 's home limited the first area and three additional polygonal buffers were drawn according to the administrative limits for the locality , municipality and state .

Where ; x 1 = xhome ( x coordinate from home ) , x 2 = xccl ( x coordinate from each waypoint ) , y 1 = yhome ( y coordinate from home ) y , y 2 = yccl ( y coordinate from each waypoint ) . Waypoints within the peridomestic area ( dhome < 50 m ) were identified . Distance , speed , altitude and time differentials were created : Where : Xccl 1 = ( x coordinate from previous waypoint ) , Xccl 2 = ( x coordinate from current waypoint ) , Yccl 1 = ( y coordinate from previous waypoint ) and , Yccl 2 = ( y coordinate from current point ) Displacement and spatial permanency variables for each subject with complete data were generated .

Originally , the AABB group identified 68 EID agents of concern to blood safety ; each agent had enough evidence / likelihood of transfusion transmission ( e.g. blood phase ) and potential for clinical disease to warrant further consideration . In the Supplement [ 1 ] , fact sheets were published providing information on the following : agent classification ; background on the disease agent 's importance ; the clinical syndromes / diseases caused ; transmission modes ( including vectors / reservoirs ) ; likelihood of transfusion transmission , and if proven to be transfusion transmitted , information on known cases ; the feasibility and predicted success of interventions that could be used for donor screening ( questioning ) and tests available for diagnostics or that could be adapted for donation screening ; and finally , the efficacy , if known , of inactivation methods for plasma-derived products . The Supplement also included a separate section on pathogen reduction technologies for all blood components using published data . Agents were prioritized relative to their scientific / epidemiologic threat as well as their perceived threat to the community including concerns expressed by the regulators of blood . Agents given the highest priority due to a known transfusion-transmission threat , and severe / fatal disease in recipients were the vCJD prion , dengue viruses and the obligate red-cell parasite that causes babesiosis ( B . microti and related Babesia ) . Although the focus of the supplement was the United States and Canada , many of the agents ( and the process ) are applicable worldwide . Other experts have prioritized agents differently depending on their local needs with priority given to West Nile virus , dengue viruses , Leishmania , chikungunya virus , the agents of malaria and Lyme disease , and tick-borne encephalitis virus [ 5 ] ; of note , several of these agents , including the agent of Lyme disease , have never been documented to be transfusion-transmitted .

The MERS-CoV agent is a betacoronavirus first described in September 2012 from a patient in Saudi Arabia [ 6 ] . It is related to the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus ( SARS ) that from 2002 to 2003 resulted in over 8000 infections in 17 countries ( including Macau and Hong Kong ) with a 10 % fatality rate [ 7 ] . In the case of SARS , bats were confirmed as the natural reservoir although the introduction of the agent to humans was likely through contact with animals ( masked palm civets ) held in southern Chinese markets where the disease was first recognized in Nov 2002 [ 8 , 9 ] . Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus also likely represents a zoonotic agent that infected humans via viral adaptions or a species jump through an intermediate host . Bats are suspected as the ultimate reservoir with camel infection as the most likely link to human infection , but these theories at present are unproven . The majority of cases are associated with severe disease of the lower respiratory tract resulting in pneumonia and multi-organ failure ; the most susceptible to clinical disease and death are those with pre-existing co-morbidities [ 10 ] . Other chronic conditions have been reported in 96 % of clinical cases including diabetes , hypertension , heart disease and kidney disease . It is unclear whether persons with these specific conditions are disproportionately infected or have more severe disease . To 30 November 2013 , as reported by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) and the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , ten countries have reported 160 clinical cases with 68 deaths . All cases and transmissions have been associated with the Arabian Peninsula where the vast majority of cases and deaths have occurred ; travel of infected patients with limited person-to-person transmission are responsible for cases reported elsewhere . Although it appears that there is limited person-to-person transmission , clusters of cases have been described . A cluster of 21 human cases occurred associated with four hospitals in Eastern Saudi Arabia that was ultimately sourced to one community-acquired case [ 11 ] . Updated MERS-CoV rapid risk assessments are routinely published by the European Centres for Disease Control ( ECDC ) . Regarding actions with respect to blood safety , careful surveillance is required as risk involving MERS-CoV is rapidly evolving at present . To date , only one study has reported testing blood donors including 110 in Saudi Arabia ; all were nonreactive for MERS-CoV neutralizing antibodies [ 12 ] . There is no evidence of transfusion transmission .

Equations ( 2.1 ) - ( 2.5 ) define an extension of the prosaic SIR model . À S is the birthrate of new susceptible hosts and 1 ⁄ 4 is the fractional death rate of hosts . In this context , 2 represents the strength of the interaction between the susceptible hosts S and the environmental reservoir . This will generally be proportional to the rate of contact between the two . Similarly , ± characterizes the strength of interaction between infected hosts I and the environmental reservoir , and is also generally proportional to the contact rate between the two . ± and 2 , while both generally proportional to the contact rate between environmental agents and living hosts , are distinguished by factors that indicate the probabilities of spreading the infection either from host to environment , as in the case of ± , or from the environment to host , as in the case of 2 . Note that ± and 2 could be replaced with the same parameter in settings where the infection is guaranteed to spread at any encounter with an infected host or environmental agent . 1 ⁄ 2 represents the fractional recovery rate , À W is the birthrate of new uninfected environmental agents and k is the fractional death or discard rate of environmental agents . Note that the discard rate k ( which includes any force that removes environmental agents from the system ) can be split into two discard rates , one for the infected compartment , and one for the uninfected compartment ( we do , in fact make this distinction in the full HCV model ) . For simplicity , we will tend to set the discard rates of these two compartments equal , where there are two parameters , as we have no current mathematical grounds to distinguish them .

Having demonstrated the relevance of injection drug equipment in terms of how it influences the basic reproductive number , we can consider the utility of the model with respect to other properties , including how it offers insight into potential interventions .

( 3 : 7 ) 1.00 The left-most factor ( under the square root ) can be interpreted as the number of secondary infections of needles in the average time that a host is infected ( near the DFE ) , and the right-most factor can be regarded as the number of secondary infections of hosts in the average time that a needle remains infected . Further discussion of this result can be found in the electronic supplementary material , appendix . As with traditional values of R 0 , we find that our value is consistent with the statement that sign ( R 0  1 ) = sign ( » ) , where » is the maximal eigenvalue of the Jacobian of the infected subsystem-composed of the infected compartments of the ODE system : I E , I L and N i - calculated at the DFE ( all eigenvalues of the Jacobian were real-valued ) . This shows that the DFE is unstable when R 0 > 1 .

( 3 : 6 ) We emphasize that in a manner analogous to our example discussed in § 2 , we can regard our R 0 value as a geometric mean of two other R 0 values :

Having constructed and elaborated on the details of the HCV W.A.I.T. model , we now explore how parameters related to the environmental reservoir ( in this case , those framing the population of infected needles ) influence R 0 . We directly measured the influence of parameters on R 0 by considering the partial rank correlation coefficient ( PRCC ) , discussed below . The value of R 0 was calculated using established methods [ 43 , 44 ] and is outlined in the electronic supplementary material , appendix :

infected and uninfected , and we model the dynamics of each compartment separately . This is analogous to the W i and W u terms discussed in the preliminary model . - New infections ( of both hosts and needles ) will depend on the fraction of infected or uninfected needles in circulation . - Newly infected individuals enter the early stage compartment I E first before either spontaneously clearing the infection or moving into the late-stage compartment I L , from which we assume no spontaneous clearance occurs-individuals may leave I L either by treatment or death only , since cases of spontaneously clearing chronic HCV are rare . - There are various estimates for the ability of HCV to survive in needles [ 47 , 48 ] . We incorporate HCV free-living survival via the parameter e , which quantifies the rate at which the virus decays on infected needles .

One can see that the value of R 0 given in equation ( 2.7 ) is the geometric mean of the two R 0 values calculated above :


The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is

The total antibody ( Ab ) , IgM antibody and IgG antibody against SARS-CoV-2 in plasma samples were tested using enzyme linked immunosorbent assay ( ELISA ) kits supplied All rights reserved . No reuse allowed without permission . the author / funder , who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity .

The influence of the fungal microbiota on immune regulation is another recent area of progress . The mammalian intestinal microbiota was found to include a myriad of fungal species , with over 100 known and 100 novel fungal species being identified ( Iliev et al . , 2012 ) . Mice lacking Dectin-1 were shown to have increased susceptibility to dextran sodium sulfate ( DSS ) induced colitis when specific fungal species were present in their gastrointestinal tract . Moreover , a polymorphism of Dectin-1 was identified which associated with patients presenting with severe ulcerative colitis ( Iliev et al . , 2012 ) . Similarly , SIGNR3 recognition of fungi was shown to influence immune regulation in the gut , as SIGNR3  /  mice exhibit an exacerbated DSS-induced colitis compared with wild-type controls ( Eriksson et al . , 2013 ) . Together , these studies highlight the importance of fungal recognition by CLRs and the role this plays in maintaining intestinal immune homeostasis and control of disease .

CARD9 has recently been linked to cerebral malaria ( CM ) , where its expression was upregulated in a mouse model induced by Plasmodium Berghei ( Hafalla et al . , 2012 ) . However , CARD9  /  mice were not protected from infection , suggesting that CM develops independently of CARD9 despite its upregulation during disease . In contrast , striking protection against CM was observed when DNGR-1 + DCs were depleted . Protection was associated with reduced numbers of CD8 + cells , reduced parasite burdens in the brain and reduced IFN-3 levels ( Piva et al . , 2012 ) . More recently a study using DCIR  /  mice also demonstrated significant survival compared with wildtype controls . Protection was associated with reduced CD8 + cells and reduced brain inflammation , highlighting the activation functions of some inhibitory receptors ( Redelinghuys and Brown , 2011 ; Maglinao et al . , 2013 ) . Although the specific mechanism underlying this protection is unknown , it is clear that CLRs play a critical role in CM .

In the context of Th2 immunity , CLRs also play a key role in promoting allergic responses . Of particular importance are MR , DC-SIGN and Dectin-2 ( Salazar et al . , 2013 ) . While , MR and DC-SIGN both recognize Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus group 1 antigen ( Der p 1 ) from house dust mite ( HDM ) , Dectin-2 recognizes both HDM ( D . farinae and D . pteronyssinus ) and mold ( Aspergillus fumigatus ) extracts . Dectin-2 was found to trigger the generation of cysteinyl leucotrienes ( cys-LT ) , which mediated pulmonary inflammation . In absence of LTC 4 synthase ( a critical enzyme in cys-LT generation ) or the cys-LT receptor , pulmonary inflammation was reduced ( Barret et al . , 2009 ) .

Other signalling CLRs have been shown to recognize SEA or S . mansoni glycans , although not all of the actual ligands have been identified . Among these , Dectin-2 recognizes an unknown ligand in SEA ; SIGNR1 , SIGNR3 and MR all recognize Lewis x and high-mannose N-glycans ; and macrophage galactose lectin ( MGL ) recognizes Lewis x , LDN and LDN-F in SEA Prasanphanich et al . , 2013 ) . Furthermore , MR recognizes Omega-1 in SEA and conditions DCs for Th2 priming ( Everts et al . , 2012 ) . Dectin-2 , in particular , was the first Syk-coupled CLR to be associated with helminth infections , and plays a role in regulating helminth immune responses by indirectly reducing Th2-mediated pathology . Here , Dectin-2 was found to induce active IL-12 secretion by activating the Nlrp3 inflammasome in response to S . mansoni SEA ( Ritter et al . , 2010 ) .

Helminth parasites drive host CD4 + Th cells toward Th2 and anti-inflammatory responses , and induce alternative activation of macrophages . Helminth glycans are thought to play a critical role in driving these responses , and given the large number of glycan moieties they possess ; it is likely that many CLRs are involved in immunity to these pathogens . Soluble egg antigen ( SEA ) of Schistosoma mansoni cercariae was the first parasitespecific ligand for DC-SIGN described ( Meyer et al . , 2005 ) . Subsequently , glycoproteins from SEAs of several schistosome species ( S . mansoni , S . hematobium , S . japonicum ) have been described as ligands for DC-SIGN ( van Die et al . , 2003 ) .

DC-SIGN ligands are not limited to HIV but include a range of other viruses , such as Cytomegalovirus , Dengue virus , Ebola virus , Hepatitis C virus , SARS-coronavirus , West Nile virus and the Measles virus ( Mesman et al . , 2012 ; Avota et al . , 2013 ; Hillaire et al . , 2013 ) . More recently , DC-SIGN was shown to assist in the replication of Influenza A virus , by binding to glycans on haemagglutinin , promoting viral binding to cells and internalization in vitro ( Hillaire et al . , 2013 ) . However , the contribution of DC-SIGN was dependent on the extent of the glycosylation of viral haemagglutinin .

Other less well characterized CLRs have also been shown to recognize bacteria . DEC-205 , for example , is a member of the mannose receptor family and binds to plasminogen activator ( PLA ) on the surface of Yersinia pestis , which mediates bacterial attachment ( Lähteenmäki et al . , 1998 ) . This CLR was found to promote dissemination of this pathogen , and this had detrimental implications for the host ( Zhang et al . , 2008 ) .

The spread of disease through human populations is complex . The characteristics of disease propagation evolve with time , as a result of a multitude of environmental and anthropic factors , this non-stationarity is a key factor in this huge complexity . In the absence of appropriate external data sources , to correctly describe the disease propagation , we explore a flexible approach , based on stochastic models for the disease dynamics , and on diffusion processes for the parameter dynamics . Using such a diffusion process has the advantage of not requiring a specific mathematical function for the parameter dynamics . Coupled with particle MCMC , this approach allows us to reconstruct the time evolution of some key parameters ( average transmission rate for instance ) . Thus , by capturing the time-varying nature of the different mechanisms involved in disease propagation , the epidemic can be described . Firstly we demonstrate the efficiency of this methodology on a toy model , where the parameters and the observation process are known . Applied then to real datasets , our methodology is able , based solely on simple stochastic models , to reconstruct complex epidemics , such as flu or dengue , over long time periods . Hence we demonstrate that time-varying parameters can improve the accuracy of model performances , and we suggest that our methodology can be used as a first step towards a better understanding of a complex epidemic , in situation where data is limited and / or uncertain .

In this study , PDCoV was purified from fecal samples from 10 diarrheal , PDCoV-positive piglets then passed in LLC-PK cells . From the 10 samples , only the PDCoV strain CHN-SC2015 was successfully isolated . Viral identification was done by RT-PCR / qRT-PCR , IFA , and EM . Sample quality is a crucial factor for the successful isolation of PDCoV . Clinical samples may contain unknown viruses or other pathogens or very low amounts of infectious virus , all making successful isolation difficult [ 18 ] . The addition of exogenous trypsin in vitro enhances virus entry into the host cells by proteolytic cleavage of the S protein , which is necessary for coronavirus infection [ 42 ] . Therefore , the concentration of trypsin in the LLC-PK cell culture media may contribute to the isolation of PDCoV [ 43 ] . In our study , the maintenance medium was supplemented with 7.5 μg / mL trypsin , which is higher than the concentrations used in the studies that demonstrated the effectiveness of trypsin in in vitro PDCoV infections [ 44 ] . In addition , the time at which the sample is actually collected may also contribute to the success of PDCoV isolation .

To determine viral shedding during the days post-infection , qRT-PCR was used to quantify viral RNA from rectal swabs . Viral distribution in the intestines and internal organs was also determined using qRT-PCR . As shown Figure 12 A , virus was shed in feces from 1 dpi to 5 dpi at about the same level , at 6 and 7 dpi the number of viral RNA copies rose about 100 - fold to10 9.43 copies / mL of rectal swab sample . Viral RNA was detected in duodenums ( average 10 3.94 copies / g ) , jejunums ( average 10 3.77 copies / g ) , ileums ( average 10 4.25 copies / g ) , colons ( average 10 4.83 copies / g ) , and rectum ( average 10 4.01 copies / g ) . It was also detected in hearts ( average 10 4.38 copies / g ) , livers ( average 10 3.89 copies / g ) , spleens ( average 10 4.14 copies / g ) , lungs ( average 10 4.04 copies / g ) , kidneys ( average 10 3.81 copies / g ) , and stomachs ( average 10 4.27 copies / g ) ( Figure 12 B ) , indicating that CHN-SC2015 has broad tissue tropism in five-day-old piglets . No PDCoV RNA was detected in the control swine .

The pathogenicity of cell-cultured PDCoV strain CHN-SC2015 from passage 12 was demonstrated in the piglets . The daily clinical observations are shown in Table 4 ; one challenged piglet displayed mild diarrhea at 1 dpi and the other piglets developed mild or watery diarrhea at 3 - 5 dpi ( Table 4 , Figures 8 and 9 A ) . Lethargy and anorexia were developed in all the piglets by 2 dpi . The gastrointestinal and non-gastrointestinal tissues of infected piglets were collected and analyzed . By gross observation , the infected piglets exhibited thin and transparent intestinal walls and had accumulated large amounts of yellow fluid in the intestinal lumen at 5 dpi ( Figure 9 B ) . The stomachs contained coagulated milk ( Figure 9 C , F ) and mesenteric congestion was also observed ( Figure 9 B ) . No obvious lesions were observed in the control piglets ( Figure 9 D , E ) . Upon histopathological analysis of the gastric glandular and intestinal mucosa , gastric epithelial cells and villous enterocytes were necrotic and sloughing into the lumen . Numerous inflammatory cells infiltrates were absent in the intestinal cavity and lamina propria , which occasionally contained The gastrointestinal and non-gastrointestinal tissues of infected piglets were collected and analyzed . By gross observation , the infected piglets exhibited thin and transparent intestinal walls and had accumulated large amounts of yellow fluid in the intestinal lumen at 5 dpi ( Figure 9 B ) . The stomachs contained coagulated milk ( Figure 9 C , F ) and mesenteric congestion was also observed ( Figure 9 B ) . No obvious lesions were observed in the control piglets ( Figure 9 D , E ) . Upon histopathological analysis of the gastric glandular and intestinal mucosa , gastric epithelial cells and villous enterocytes were necrotic and sloughing into the lumen . Numerous inflammatory cells infiltrates were absent in the intestinal cavity and lamina propria , which occasionally contained The gastrointestinal and non-gastrointestinal tissues of infected piglets were collected and analyzed . By gross observation , the infected piglets exhibited thin and transparent intestinal walls and had accumulated large amounts of yellow fluid in the intestinal lumen at 5 dpi ( Figure 9 B ) . The stomachs contained coagulated milk ( Figure 9 C , F ) and mesenteric congestion was also observed ( Figure 9 B ) . No obvious lesions were observed in the control piglets ( Figure 9 D , E ) . Upon histopathological analysis of the gastric glandular and intestinal mucosa , gastric epithelial cells and villous enterocytes were necrotic and sloughing into the lumen . Numerous inflammatory cells infiltrates were absent in the intestinal cavity and lamina propria , which occasionally contained congested blood vessels ( Figure 10 ) . The PDCoV N protein was detected in the distal and proximal sections of the jejuna of infected piglets as can be seen in Figure 11 . These results demonstrate that PDCoV strain CHN-SC2015 is highly pathogenic in piglets .

To identify and analyze variations in the S gene of strain CH-SC2015 during serial passage , we amplified the S gene from the original isolate and at every fifth passage by RT-PCR . The nucleotide and amino acid sequences at every passage were compared against the parental sequences using DNAMAN 7.0 ( Table 2 ) . Nucleotide changes were observed at positions 484 , 500 , 578 , 787 , 946 , 1188 , 1443 , 1450 , 1587 , 1922 , and 2636 . All of these resulted in amino acid substitutions , except for the synonymous mutations at positions 1443 and 1587 ( indicated in boldface ) . Four nucleotide mutations had occurred by passage 5 , by passage 30 , ten nucleotides were different than parental . Amino acid 162 ( indicated in boldface ) is a glycosylation site on the surface of the S protein .

The authors confirm that the ethical policies of the journal , as noted on the journal 's author guidelines page , have been adhered to and the appropriate ethical review committee approval has been received . The animal experiment was approved by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee of Sichuan Agricultural University ( IACUC # RW2016-090 , approval date : September 8th , 2016 ) .

PDCoV was successfully isolated from one sample collected from sick piglet , namely PDCoV CHN-SC2015 . The CPE of PDCoV CHN-SC2015 in LLC-PK was characterized by cell clustering and rounding , then death 24 h after infection ( Figure 1 A ) . Mock-infected cells ( Figure 1 B ) remained flat and attached to the dish . IFA , at 24 h post-infection , was used to visualize the presence of the N protein in PDCoV CHN-SC2015 . As shown in Figure 1 C - H , green fluorescence , from FITC-anti-N antibodies , was observed in infected cells ; none was observable in mock-infected cells .

Porcine deltacoronavirus ( PDCoV ) , belongs to the genus Deltacoronavirus within the family Coronaviridae [ 1 ] . It is an emerging swine enteric virus that causes diarrhea , vomiting , dehydration , and death in nursing piglets and the mortality rates are about 40 % -80 % [ 2 ] . The earliest identification proved to be PDCoV-positive by RT-PCR of the M gene . Prior to virus isolation , the samples were homogenized in 5 mL of Dulbecco 's modified Eagle 's medium ( DMEM ) ( Gibco , Carlsbad , CA , USA ) supplemented with 1 % antibiotic-antimycotic ( Solarbio , China ) , subjected to three cycles of freezing and thawing , then centrifuged at 5000 rpm for 20 min at 4 " C . Supernatants were filtered through a 0.45 μm sterile filter and stored at  80 " C .

Various steps of the toxins ' mechanism of action may be considered as the target of ABMA : receptor binding , internalization , intracellular trafficking , translocation into the cell cytosol and catalytic modification of a cell substrate . The toxins sensitive to ABMA have different catalytic activities : N-adenine glycohydrolase for ricin and Stx2 , ADP-ribosyltransferase for DT , Zn 2 + metalloprotease for anthrax LT and BoNT / A and glucosyltransferase for TcdB and TcsL . Thus , it is very unlikely that ABMA inhibits the toxins ' catalytic activities . Each of those toxins uses a different cell-surface component as a receptor for cell binding and internalization ( see Table S1 ) . Thus , ABMA probably does n't inhibit the binding of the toxins to their receptors . Nevertheless , we investigated whether ABMA could inhibit the binding of DT receptor binding domain , named DTR8 22 , to its receptor pro-HB-EGF ( Precursor of heparin binding epidermal growth factor analog ) as a model for toxin-receptor interaction 23 . A SCIENTIFIC REPORTS | 7 : 15567 | DOI : 10.103 8 / s41598-017-15466-7 fluorescent DTR8 was made by chemical coupling with Alexa488 ( DTR A488 ) . FACS analysis showed that ABMA did not affect binding of Alexa488 labeled-DTR8 ( DTR A488 ) with its receptor on Vero cells ( Fig . S4 ) , suggests that the inhibition of DT cytotoxicity induced by ABMA is not due to a reduced binding of DT to its receptor .

Appropriate model cell lines were pretreated with solvent alone ( DMSO ) or various concentrations of ABMA , then respectively incubated with increasing concentrations of diphtheria toxin from Corynebacterium diphtheriae ( DT ) , lethal toxin from Bacillus anthracis ( LT ) , toxin B from Clostridium difficile ( TcdB ) , lethal toxin from Clostridium sordellii ( TcsL ) , Shiga-like toxin 2 from Escherichia coli ( Stx2 ) or Botulinum neurotoxin A ( BoNT / A ) from Clostridium botulinum ( Table S1 and Fig . 2 ) . The inhibitory effect of DT on protein biosynthesis was measured by the incorporation of [ 14 C ] - leucine into newly synthesized proteins . We observed higher levels of protein biosynthesis on A549 cells exposed to DT in the presence of ABMA than in its absence ( Fig . 2 A ) with an EC 50 of 62.5 ± 0.3 μM ( n = 3 ) . At 90 μM of ABMA , DT toxicity was reduced more than 100 - fold in the assay conditions . We also found that ABMA protected other cell lines ( e.g. Vero , PC3 , A431 and DLD1 ) as well as HUVEC primary cells against DT ( data not shown ) . This indicates that the inhibitory effect of ABMA on DT is not cell type-specific . Anthrax LT cleaves the mitogen-activated protein kinase MEK2 19 . Figure 2 B shows that MEK2 cleavage by LT in HUVECs was partially inhibited in the presence of ABMA at 30 μM . TcdB and TcsL inactivate small GTPases by their glucosyltransferase activity . This disrupts the actin cytoskeleton and induces cell rounding 20 . ABMA reduced Vero cells rounding 4 and 8 folds , respectively , following a challenge by TcdB for 4 h and by TcsL for 18 h ( Fig . 2 C , D ) . The EC 50 s were 73.3 ± 9.1 μM for TcdB and 86.7 ± 6.8 μM for TcsL ( n = 3 ) .

ABMA , a broad-spectrum inhibitor active in vitro against various bacterial toxins . The mechanism of action of ricin toxin shares common general principles with those of intracellular-acting bacterial protein toxins : binding to a cell-surface receptor , internalization in endocytic compartments , trafficking through intracellular transport pathways , translocation from transport vesicles or compartments into the cytosol and catalytic modification of a cellular target . Thus , investigating the effect of ABMA on bacterial toxins may lead to identify other sensitive toxins and hence , get some insights into ABMA mechanism of action 4,5 . Table S1 summarizes the features of the tested toxins .

Following treatments cells were rinsed with PBS , fixed with 4 % paraformaldehyde-PBS for 20 min at room temperature . After three times washes with PBS , cells were permeabilized in 0.1 % Saponin or 0.2 % Triton for 5 min . Subsequently , cells were blocked and stained with antibodies . Finally , the slides were mounted on glass slides and imaged with an inverted microscope ( Ti-U , Nikon ) or confocal microscope ( SP8X , Leica ) . For live staining , fluorophore labeled-cells in the presence of compound or DMSO were washed and visualized under confocal microscope immediately .

Chemicals and materials . 1 - adamantyl ( 5 - bromo-2-methoxybenzyl ) amine ( ABMA ) was purchased from Chembridge ( ID : 5570320 , San Diego , CA , USA ) . Ricin for screening , animal experiments and for in vitro validations was supplied by Bruno Beaumelle 14 . Toxin B ( TcdB ) was produced from Clostridium difficile VPI10463 , lethal toxin ( TcsL ) was produced from Clostridium sordellii IP82 49 and anthrax toxin were produced and purified as described previously 50 .

U18666A , an inhibitor of cholesterol transport , induces cholesterol accumulation in LE and thereby inhibits toxins ( anthrax LT ) , bacteria ( Chlamydiae ) and viruses ( Vesicular Stomatitis Virus , DENV and Hepatitis C Virus ) 44 , 45 , 47 . ABMA also induces cholesterol accumulation ( this work ) . Both ABMA and U18666A inhibit DT cytotoxicity with similar protection factors ( data not shown ) . Besides , the loss of NPC1 disrupts LE / lysosomes morphology and inhibits EBOV entry 48 . Thus , the mechanism of action of ABMA on host LE may produce multiple consequences to inhibit various pathogens .

The specific cellular target of compound ABMA has not yet been identified . Electron microscopy revealed the intracellular accumulation of MVBs / LE . The increase of LysoTracker , acridine orange and Rab7 staining , as well as the accumulation of cholesterol also demonstrate ABMA acts on the endosome pathway , by inducing the accumulation of acidic late endosomal compartments . Importantly , the integrity of other organelles was unaffected : EE , lysosomes , Golgi , ER and the nucleus .

Altogether , our results show that the HTS hit ABMA has a remarkable potential for the development of broad-spectrum drugs against toxins , viruses , and intracellular bacteria and parasites . ABMA being a hit from HTS , there is reasonable hope to obtain other , more powerful , broad-spectrum inhibitors by medicinal chemistry optimization . Activity may be improved both in terms of decreasing the concentration giving maximum efficacy and increasing the level of pathogen inhibition .

Here we report that the small molecule ABMA , originated from a cell-based HTS assay to identify ricin inhibitors 14 , protects cells from a wide range of bacterial toxins , viruses and intracellular micro-organisms including bacteria and parasite . The efficacy of ABMA is variable according to the pathogens and toxins investigated . EC 50 values varied from 60 to 90 μM in the bacterial toxin assays and down to ~ 7 μM against intra-macrophagic L . infantum amastigotes or ~ 3 μM against Ebola virus and ricin toxin . However , another key parameter must be taken into account to evaluate efficacy : the level of reduction of intoxication or infection for a given pathogen . For instance , DT toxicity was reduced more than two logs by ABMA ; cell infection was decreased below 10 % for RABV and down to 0 for EBOV and DENV4 . The capacity of Ctr progeny to infect new cells was practically Table 1 . Antileishmanial activity and cytotoxicity of ABMA and reference drugs . The results expressed correspond to the mean of three independent experiments ( ± SD ) .

Monocytes and macrophages are important target cells in the pathophysiology of Leishmania parasite infections 30 . The parasite is internalized and develops into an amastigote form within a parasitophorous vacuole that incorporates endo-lysosomal pathway components 30 , 31 . Thus , we investigated whether ABMA could inhibit the infection of RAW 264.7 macrophages by Leishmania infantum amastigotes . Amphotericin B and miltefosine , which are approved drugs for the clinical management of Leishmaniasis , were used as reference drugs . Table 1 shows that all three drugs inhibited L . infantum intramacrophage amastigotes development with various EC 50 s . The EC 50 for ABMA was around 7 μM . Interestingly , the two reference drugs were capable of inhibiting axenic amastigotes with an efficacy similar to that found on intramacrophage amastigotes , whereas ABMA had no direct effect on the axenic parasite , up to 100 μM . In addition , the ABMA cytoxicity was lower than those of the reference drugs . These results strongly suggest that ABMA blocks L . infantum intracellular development by an action on host cell while the other drugs are directly toxic to the parasite . ABMA induces accumulation of late endocytic compartments . We have determined that ABMA can inhibit the intoxication or infection of cells by a variety of toxins , viruses and intracellular microorganisms . The toxins and the viruses rely on endosome acidification to enter the cytosol . The bacteria and parasite build a vacuole that incorporates endosome membranes and proteins to acquire their nutrients and proliferate . This may suggest that ABMA targets and modifies acidic endosomes and their homeostasis . We observed by confocal microscopy that live A549 cells treated with ABMA and stained by LysoTracker ® Deep Red exhibited more intensely labeled and enlarged fluorescent puncta than cells treated with DMSO only ( Fig . 6 A , middle and left panels respectively ) . In contrast , bafilomycin A1 ( Baf A1 ) , a highly specific v-ATPase inhibitor that prevents endosome acidification , decreased fluorescence staining of cells ( Fig . 6 A , right panel ) . We obtained similar results with ABMA and Baf A1 on HeLa and RAW 264.7 cells ( data not shown ) . To confirm that ABMA is affecting acidic endosomes , we used acridine orange , another cell-permeant dye for acidic organelles ( Fig . 6 A , central and lower panels ) . Similarly , ABMA induced larger and brighter red fluorescent vesicles in A549 cells , in contrast to the effect of Baf A1 , which strongly decreased red fluorescence in cytoplasmic vesicles . Altogether , ABMA had an effect on acidic compartments different from that of Baf A1 . Baf A1 is known to inhibit DT toxicity by inhibiting endosome acidification . It might be expected that combined effect of both molecules might annihilate the impact of each other : increased endosome acidification for ABMA versus decreased acidification for BafA1 . Surprisingly , ABMA combined with Baf A1 had an inhibitory effect on DT cytotoxicity twenty fold higher than for each molecule alone ( Fig . S6 ) . This strongly suggests that ABMA and Baf A1 have different mechanisms of action and distinct targets . Moreover , this indicates that the anti-toxin and anti-pathogenic effect of ABMA is not linked to the increase in endosome acidification ; otherwise it would be counter balanced by Baf A1 .

Indian Peacock ( P . cristatus ) has been a model species in the emergence of the sexual selection theory and its distinctive phenotypes have intrigued biologists for decades . The unique sexual characteristics and ornamental features of peacock provide impetus for deciphering the genomic changes underlying such phenotypes . Thus , revealing the genome sequence of this unique species with a comprehensive comparative genomic analysis provides a useful reference and research leads to the ornithologists and evolutionary biologists .

Few more genes with known phenotypic impact and which showed MSA in peacock are discussed in Supplementary Texts S12 , S13 .

The early developmental pathways , which are crucial in guiding the embryonic development in birds such as TGF2 , Wnt , FGF , and BMP signaling , showed adaptive divergence in peacock ( Klaus and Birchmeier , 2008 ) . Among these pathways , the TGF-2 pathway is known to regulate the cartilage connective tissue development ( Loveridge et al . , 1993 ) , and also functions as an activator of feather development in birds . In this pathway , TGFBR3 gene showed MSA , and TGF-23 preproprotein , TGFBRAP1 , and TAB3 genes showed multiple unique substitutions . The Wnt signaling pathway is involved in development , regeneration , aging process ( Brack et al . , 2007 ; Klaus and Birchmeier , 2008 ) , and also regulates the initial placement of feather buds and their consolidation within the feather field ( Lim and Nusse , 2013 ) . Multiple regulators of Wnt signaling such as WNT2 , WIF1 , and DKK2 genes had positively selected amino acid sites and showed signs of adaptive evolution . The WIF1 and DKK2 genes also harbored multiple unique substitutions . Furthermore , the DKK2 and WNT2 genes were found to be positively selected in peacock . APCDD1 gene , which is an inhibitor of Wnt signaling pathway , showed MSA . The Bone Morphogenetic Protein ( BMP ) signaling is involved in the development of skeletal muscles , bone and cartilage connective tissue ( Nie et al . , 2006 ; Nishimura et al . , 2012 ) , neurogenesis ( Groppe et al . , 2002 ) , and feather formation and patterning . Multiple genes such as BRK-3 , BMP5 , BMP3 , BMP10 , and CRIM1 , which are involved in the regulation of BMP pathways and the corresponding early development , showed unique substitutions that may affect their function in cellular pathways as compared to the other birds .

Approximately 2 ml blood was drawn from the medial metatarsal vein of a 2 years old Indian peacock at Van Vihar National Park , Bhopal , India and was collected in EDTA-coated vials . This study protocol was carried out in accordance with the approval of Institute Ethics committee of IISER Bhopal . The permission to collect blood samples was obtained from Principal Chief Conservator of Forests Bhopal . The fresh blood sample was immediately brought to the laboratory at 4 " C and genomic DNA was extracted using DNeasy Blood and Tissue Kit ( Qiagen , United States ) following the manufacturer 's protocol . Sex of the bird was determined to be male by morphological identification and was confirmed using molecular sexing assay ( Supplementary Text S1 ) . Multiple shotgun genomic libraries were prepared using Illumina TruSeq DNA PCR-free library preparation kit and Nextera XT sample preparation kit ( Illumina Inc . , United States ) , as per the manufacturers protocol . The insert size for the TruSeq libraries was selected to be 550 bp and the average insert size for Nextera XT libraries was 300 - 1,200 bp ( average 650

The functional analysis revealed the role of these genes in key cellular processes such as cell proliferation and differentiation ( MAPK , RAS , PI3K-Akt , ErbB , Hippo , Rap1 , and Jak-STAT signaling , Wnt signaling , calcium signaling and adrenergic signaling in cardiomyocytes ) and immune response ( T cell receptor , Toll-like receptor signaling , NOD-like receptor signaling , complement and coagulation cascade and chemokinechemokine signaling ) . In addition , multiple genes involved in early development pathways such as TGF-2 , Wnt / 2 - catenin , FGF , and BMP signaling also showed adaptive sequence divergence in peacock . These cellular processes and pathways regulate key features such as early development , feather development , bone morphogenesis , skeletal muscle development , metabolism , and immune response ( Supplementary Table S7 ) .

A total of 437 genes displayed signs of positive selection identified using branch-site model-A , and the statistical significance was evaluated using likelihood ratio tests with FDR q-value threshold of 0.1 ( 10 % false discovery rate in multiple testing correction ) ( Supplementary Table S3 ) . A total of 417 genes contained amino acid sites , which were under significant positive selection based on the Bayesian Empirical Bayes values . Unique amino-acid substitutions in peacock were found for 3,238 genes , of which the substitutions in 116 genes were predicted to affect the protein function based on SIFT ( Sorting Intolerant from Tolerant ) analysis ( Supplementary Tables S4 , S5 ) . In total , 99 genes showed positive selection and unique amino acid substitutions that may affect the protein function predicted using SIFT and are referred to as the genes with " multiple signs of adaptation " ( MSA ) in this study ( Supplementary Table S6 ) .

The pair-wise dN / dS values were determined for all the pairwise orthologs of peacock . A total of 74 genes showed the values > 1 , of which 25 genes had values above five indicating possible false positives , and 22 genes had values between 1.0 and 1.2 , which may indicate the relaxation of constraint rather than positive selection , and thus , these 47 genes were not considered for the functional interpretation ( Supplementary Table S2 ) . The remaining genes with higher pair-wise dN / dS values are considered to be fast evolving in peacock with respect to the other species . The combined orthologs were used for testing positive selection in peacock .

Other than the branch length values derived from the maximum likelihood phylogeny , the É or dN / dS values ( phylogenetically corrected and pair-wise ) will be crucial in understanding the evolutionary rate of divergence . The phylogenetically corrected analysis is usually more preferred but could include only 5,907 orthologs , however , the pair-wise analysis allowed the inclusion of more than 9,000 orthologs for each species pair . Therefore , the phylogenetically corrected branch-specific É or dN / dS values were derived for the concatenated alignments for each of the extant taxa and for the ancestral nodes in the phylogeny . The values were lower for chicken and peacock in comparison to the other extant bird genomes ( Figure 2 ) . Furthermore , the pair-wise É or dN / dS values were estimated for the individual orthologous alignments . The genes were categorized into different KEGG categories , and the median value of É or dN / dS was determined for each KEGG category ( Supplementary Text S5 ) . The distribution of the median values plotted for the different pairs showed that the categories involved in signal transduction and transcription regulation have evolved at a very different rate in peacock in comparison to other birds ( Supplementary Figures S9-S11 ) .

Overall , the phylogenetic analysis carried out using nucleargenes and mitochondrial genomes in this study revealed that peacock is closer to chicken as compared to turkey ( supports the topology t1 ) . This resolves the phylogenetic position of peacock with respect to the well-studied modern bird phylogeny ( Jarvis et al . , 2014 ) .

The existence of intricate ornaments in peacock has perplexed scientists for decades and has led to several ecological and population-based studies ( Zahavi , 1975 ; Loyau et al . , 2005 b ; Ramesh and Mcgowan , 2009 ) . However , the genomic details about the phenotypic evolution of this species are still unknown . Therefore , we carried out a comprehensive comparative genomics analysis of P . cristatus ( Blue Peafowl ) to decipher the genomic evolution of this species . The ornamental and sexual characteristics of peacock are distinct from other birds and are absent in closely related species such as chicken and turkey ; this presents an ideal set-up to look for the genomic changes underlying the phenotypic divergence of peacock . Moreover , the origin of ocelli in the peacock feathers is relatively recent and independent of the other ocellated genera of birds such as Argusianus and Ploypectron in the Phasianidae family ( Sun et al . , 2014 ) . Thus , studying the molecular evolution of peacock at genome-wide level is crucial to have a holistic understanding about these phenotypes . We also carried out a comprehensive comparative genome-wide analysis of the peacock genome ( order Galliformes ) with the high quality genomes of five other birds under the class Aves : chicken and turkey ( order Galliformes ) , duck ( order Anseriformes ) , and flycatcher and zebra finch ( order Passeriformes ) . The comparative genome-wide analysis of peacock with five other related birds provided novel genomic insights into peacock genome evolution .

We constructed the maximum likelihood phylogeny for each of the 5,907 orthologs and estimated the Robinson and Foulds distance ( Robinson and Foulds , 1981 ) of these individual gene trees with the above mentioned three tree topologies . A total of 2,581 ( 43.7 % ) orthologs showed the support for topology t1 , 1,674 ( 28.3 % ) orthologs showed the support for topology t2 , 1,376 ( 23.3 % ) showed the support for topology t3 , and 263 ( 4.4 % ) showed support for topology very different from t1 , t2 , and t3 . The histogram for the RF distance from the topology t1 , t2 , and t3 is shown in Supplementary Figure S5 . However , the categorization of these genes supporting different topologies based on their molecular function GO categories did not show any pattern of enrichment ( Supplementary Figure S6 ) . We observed that the maximum support is obtained for the t1 topology . A similar topology was reported by different studies using different kinds of data such nuclear regions , intronic regions , mitochondrial regions , and genome-wide sampled ultraconserved elements Sun et al . , 2014 ; Hosner et al . , 2015 Hosner et al . , , 2017 Wang et al . , 2017 a ) . Although a recent report have shown that the data-type used for constructing the phylogeny may have a major impact on the tree estimate , and have observed that the phylogeny based on coding regions and non-coding regions were very different ( Reddy et al . , 2017 ) , the most supported topology " t1 " in this study is also supported by the phylogenies constructed using different types of data such as non-coding intron , ultraconserved elements ( Sun et al . , 2014 ; Hosner et al . , 2015 Hosner et al . , , 2017 Wang et al . , 2017 a ) , and 3 - untranslated regions ( Bonilla et al . , 2010 ) . This suggests the robustness of the t1 topology-based phylogeny .

The phylogenetic position of peacock was determined using a maximum likelihood-based phylogenetic analysis performed using the coding sequences of 5,907 orthologous genes identified from the six bird genomes : peacock , chicken , turkey , duck , flycatcher and zebra finch genomes . The maximum likelihood phylogeny was constructed from the concatenated alignments of orthologous genes with a bootstrap value of 1,000 .

Although more than 50 bird genomes have been sequenced so far , yet comprehensive and curated gene-set is available only for a limited number of bird genomes at Ensembl ( Zerbino et al . , 2017 ) . Thus , the comparative genomics analysis was performed using only the high-quality genome assemblies of species relatively closer to pheasants , which were available at Ensembl . In this study , a total of six species were included : peacock , chicken , turkey , duck , zebra finch , and flycatcher .

A total of 213 tRNAs , 236 snoRNAs , and 540 miRNAs were also identified ( Supplementary Data S6 ) . Since many miRNAs also bind to the target 3 - UTR with imperfect complementarities and function as translational repressors , miRNA targeting sites in the upstream regions of the genes were identified for peacock and other five bird genomes . A total of 306 miRNAs targeting 2,379 genes were identified using this approach in peacock . These genes predominantly belonged to the functional categories such as signal transduction , protein modifications , and transcription ( Supplementary Figure S4 ) for all the birds including peacock . The peacock genome was found to have less repetitive DNA ( 8.62 % ) as compared to chicken ( 9.45 % ) ( Supplementary Data S7 ) . The comparison of single nucleotide variants ( SNVs ) between chicken and peacock revealed 2,051,161 heterozygous SNVs at a rate of 2.05 SNV per Kb . The observed SNV rate in peacock was closer to turkey in comparison to the other avian species ( Supplementary Text S4 and Supplementary Data S8 ) . PSMC analysis suggested that the peacock suffered at least two bottlenecks ( around four million and 450,000 years ago ) , which resulted in a severe reduction in its effective population size ( Figure 1 ) . It was also interesting to note that the results of PSMC analysis of peacock were similar to the demographic history of the tropical bowerbird and turkey vulture that show long-term decrease in the effective population size ( Nadachowska-Brzyska et al . , 2015 ) , perhaps because all three birds are native to the tropical rain forests .

The whole genome sequencing of peacock yielded 153.7 Gb of sequence data ( < 136 × genomic coverage ; Supplementary Data S1 and Supplementary Figures S2 , S3 ) . High-quality sequence reads were used to generate a draft genome assembly of an estimated genome size of 1.13 Gb using ABySS , Gapcloser , and Agouti ( Supplementary Data S2 ) . The de novo genome scaffold and contig N50s were 25.6 and 19.3 Kb , respectively ( Supplementary Data S2 ) . BUSCO scores assessed the genome assembly to be 77.6 % complete ( S : 63.4 % , D : 14.2 % ) and predicted 13.5 % as partial , and 8.9 % as missing BUSCOs ( Supplementary Data S3 ) . The comparison of the BUSCO scores and assembly statistics with the other bird genomes is provided in the Supplementary Datas S4 , S5 . Using ab initio-based approach , 25,963 candidate coding sequences were identified in peacock . These genes were validated using the homology-based approach , and a final set of 24,831 transcripts and 15,970 protein-coding genes was constructed for peacock . Out of these protein-coding gene sequences of peacock , the pair-wise orthologs for 18,314 , 10,232 , 9,900 , 9,097 , and 9 , 887 genes could be identified in chicken , turkey , flycatcher , zebra finch and duck genomes , respectively . A total of 5,907 combined orthologs could be identified across all the six bird species .

All validated peacock coding gene sequences ( CDS ) with > 90 % valid bases were analyzed through multiple sequencebased analysis such as dN / dS or É ( ratio of the rate of non-synonymous to the rate of synonymous substitutions ) estimation , positive selection , and unique substitution to assess the adaptive sequence divergence . The functional analysis was performed using KEGG ( Kanehisa and Goto , 2000 ) , eggNOGs ( Huerta-Cepas et al . , 2016 ) , and NCBI NR ( O ' leary et al . , 2016 ) databases . The GO enrichment analysis was performed using a web-based tool " WebGestalt " ( Zhang B . et al . , 2005 ) . Furthermore , the functional impact of the identified unique substitutions and other sequence variations were evaluated using SIFT ( Sorting Intolerant from tolerant ) analysis ( Kumar et al . , 2009 ) . SIFT is a homology-based method , where the specificamino acids of a protein sequence conserved across multiple species are considered to be functionally crucial .

To estimate the gene gain and loss in gene families , CAFE ( v3 . 1 ) ( Han et al . , 2013 ) with a random birth and death model was used . The species tree was constructed using NCBI taxonomy , and the branch lengths were used from TimeTree as described in Ensembl Compara pipeline ( Vilella et al . , 2009 ) . The selected phylogenetic tree had the green anole as an out-group . Simulated data based on the properties of observed data was generated using the " genfamily " function and the significance of two-lambda model ( separate lambda values for Galloanserae ) was assessed against a global lambda model . The two-parameter model was found to fit the data better , as the observed likelihood ratio ( LR ) value calculated using the formula " LR = 2 * ( score of global lambda model - score of multi-lambda model ) " was greater than 95 % of the distribution of simulated LRs . Further , CAFE analysis with random birth and death model was performed using two-parameter model .

and realism of our global epidemic simulator , we exclude all routes having less than 3000 air passengers throughout the year ( Fig . S8c-f ) . This simplification is in line with the passenger threshold reported by Khan et al . 48 and hence has little impact on the accuracy of global spread dynamics . 3 . In our OAG data set , some metropolitans ( e.g. , London , New York City , and Shanghai ) and tourist locations ( e.g. , Hawaii and Canary Islands ) have multiple airports . We model each of these locations as a single population by merging its serving airports and the corresponding catchment areas . 4 . The daily air-traffic of each connection F ij is the average number of air passengers per day for that connection during the year of 2015 . The ensemble of all connections shows a high degree of statistical symmetry , F ij H F ji ( R 2 = 0.998 1 ) , as in refs . [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] 11 , 18 , 20 , [ 42 ] [ 43 ] [ 44 ] . As such , we symmetrize the air-traffic between each pair of populations by setting F ij = F ji = ( F ij + F ji ) / 2 . In summary , the WAN in our global metapopulation epidemic model comprises 54,106 connections and 2309 populations and preserves more than 92 % of the global air bookings .

The global epidemic simulator . We build the global simulator using 2015 worldwide flight booking data from the Official Airline Guide ( OAG , https://www. oag . com / ) and the Gridded Population of the World Version 4 ( GPWv4 , http : / / sedac . ciesin . columbia . edu / data / collection / gpw-v4 / ) data set from the NASA Socioeconomic Data and Applications Center ( SEDAC ) at Columbia University . Worldwide air-transportation data : Our OAG worldwide flight booking data set contains all air bookings that have taken place in all commercial airports worldwide during 2015 . Each data record contains the following information for a flight route : ( i ) origin airport , ( ii ) destination airport , ( iii ) connecting airports ( if any ) , and ( iv ) passenger bookings for each month . The city and country served by each airport and the coordinates of each airport are known . The raw data comprises 0.947 million records . Parameterizing the WAN using these raw data would therefore generate 0.947 million connections in the network , which is beyond our computational capacity and unnecessary for an accurate description of global spread ( because the WAN is densely connected ) 3 - 6,12 , 42 - 44 . As such , we perform the following steps to exclude flight routes with weak traffic from the WAN without compromising the realism of the global epidemic simulator :

Our study has several limitations . First , we did not consider age structure because the OAG air-traffic data do not have age information . If data are available for stratifying mobility rates and incidence by age , our framework should remain valid if the mobility rates w ij are calculated as the cross-product of agespecific mobility rates and age distribution of the disease . Second , we have assumed that each imported case spawns an exponentially growing infection tree with probability 1 , whereas if we account for stochasticity in transmission dynamics , each imported case will fail to spawn an exponentially growing infection tree with probability p = 1 / R 0 16 . Because this effect is similar to that of border control 19 , we conjecture that our framework can be extended to account for such stochasticity in transmission dynamics by discounting w ij with 1  p . Third , we present our framework in the context of the classic SIR model . Nonetheless , our results can be generalized to all SE m I n R models 39 ( see Generalizing to SE m I n R models in Methods ) . Fourth , we have not accounted for seasonality effects which may be strong and geographically heterogeneous for diseases such as seasonal influenza 40 , 41 . Although the epidemic dynamics will certainly be less analytically tractable in the presence of seasonality ( e.g. , the pdf of the EAT can no longer be well approximated by simple closedform expressions as Eq . 1 ) , we conjecture that the new analytics introduced here , namely adjustments for the hub-effect and continuous seeding as well as path reduction and superposition , will be useful for building a more general framework for global spread of epidemics . Finally , in our case studies , we have implicitly assumed that surveillance data were available in near realtime for nowcasting and forecasting , whereas in reality the availability of reliable data would likely incur longer lead times , and hence the timeliness of situational awareness implied here should be interpreted within such context .

Although approximation ( ii ) - ( v ) are all necessary for estimating EAT in the WAN ( Figs . 1 - 3 ) , they are not needed in our case studies on inference of transmission parameters : In the 2009 pandemic influenza A / H1N1 case study , we follow the inference formulation in Balcan et al . 26 which included only populations that are directly connected to Mexico City in the WAN . In the 2014 Ebola case study , the inference formulation tracks the timing of only two case exportations without the need to stratify them by outbound populations ( see Case study on the 2014 Liberian Ebola outbreak in Methods ) .

Public health applications . Our framework provides both analytical and computational advancements for studying global spread of epidemics . First , not only can our framework be easily used to forecast EATs for all populations in the WAN , but it also analytically elucidates the dependence of EATs on the epidemiologic parameters ( growth rate and seed size ) and the network properties of the WAN ( air-traffic volume and connectivity ) . Second , our framework provides closed-form probability distributions ( Eq . 1 ) to support likelihood-based inference of key epidemiologic parameters from surveillance data on global and local spread . We exemplify the public health applications of our framework by retrospectively applying it to the 2009 influenza pandemic and the 2014 Ebola epidemic as follows .

Local sensitivity analysis was used to quantify the impact of variation of individual parameters on estimated R 0 ( Benton and Grant 1999 ) . Local sensitivity analyses were performed for data from one site of each of the five Canadian clusters : Point Pelee , London , Wiarton , Hemmingford and Timmins . All parameters were varied one at a time by 5 % ( above and below baseline values , with all other parameter values set at baseline values ) and 3 - year mean R 0 values for each site for each year from 1972 to 2069 7 were obtained . A comparative index S i was used to assess the sensitivity of the change in R 0 , from one time slice to another , to a 5 % change in the i th parameter :

The I . scapularis model is sensitive to a greater or lesser degree to changes in model parameter values , particularly changes in temperature ( which is explicitly modelled here ) , but also host abundance and offhost tick mortality ( Wu et al . 2013 ) . Host abundance ( deer and mice in this model ) will vary from location to location on both local and national scales depending on the specific suitability of habitat in each location for those species . Off-host tick mortality varies with the capacity of the environment of the surface layers of the soil , which provide the environment for ticks during the long period of development from one instar to the next , to protect the ticks from degrees of temperature , desiccation or flooding that result in greater mortality ( Ogden et al . 2006 ) . This results in many environments being unsuitable for tick survival , and partly explains the association between I . scapularis and woodland habitats . Woodland habitats do vary in their capacity to provide refugia for developing ticks , which is reflected in different mortality rates of ticks undergoing intersstadial development ( Ogden et al . 2006 ) .

Daily maximum temperature ( ° C ) Figure S4 . Daily normal of ANUSPLIN daily maximum temperatures for each cluster for the period 1971 to 2010 .

We also conducted a subset analysis by using the data of influenza peak seasons only . The influenza season was defined as January to July in Hong Kong , and May to November in Brisbane . We conducted another subset analysis by excluding the data for the mismatched years ( 2003 , 2004 , and 2008 in this study ) .

We calculated the 95 % confidence interval ( CI ) of ER by bootstrapping 1000 times . Because the periods were of different lengths , annual excess rates ( AER ) of mortality ( or hospitalizations ) were calculated to facilitate comparisons between different periods . For each disease category , the rate ratios ( RRs ) of post-SARS ( or post-pandemic ) versus pre-SARS were derived by dividing annual excess rates during the post-SARS ( or post-pandemic ) period with those of the pre-SARS period ( as reference ) : RR = AER ( post-SARS ) / AER ( pre-SARS ) .

The best-fit models were chosen by the minimal generalized cross-validation ( GCV ) , according to our previous study [ 16 ] . Baseline rates of cause-specific mortality and hospitalizations associated with influenza were calculated for different periods by setting the virus proxy to zero and the corresponding period dummy to one ( other dummies were simultaneously set to zero ) . We first estimated excess numbers by subtracting baseline rates from the observed data , and calculated excess rates ( ER ) by dividing the excess numbers with age-specific population size .

Many countries have recommended annual influenza vaccination or providing subsidy programs to the older Note . Weekly positive percentage ( % ) is defined as the percentage of positive specimens among annual total specimens population [ 18 ] . However , due to ethical concerns , a large body of knowledge on the effectiveness of influenza vaccine in the older population has been derived from observational studies , as few randomized controlled trials have been conducted in this high-risk population . A review by Goodwin et al . found that seroprotection and seroconversion achieved in the older population after vaccination was only 25 - 50 % of vaccine response in younger adults [ 19 ] . A Cochrane review concluded that influenza vaccines were of limited effects , which could probably be explained by weak antibody response in the older population [ 6 ] ; however , in a recent reanalysis using the same data , Walter et al . made the opposite conclusion [ 20 ] . They estimated that influenza vaccine resulted in a 30 % reduction in complications after influenza infections , 40 % in influenza-like illnesses , and 50 % in laboratory confirmed influenza infections , specifically during influenza epidemics . However , there is still an on-going debate on vaccine effectiveness in the older population . Our findings add some evidence of a decrease , or a slow increase , in influenza-associated disease burden among the older population , following a marked increase in influenza vaccine coverage at the population level . However , it should be noted that this effect could have been partially caused by an increase of pneumococcal vaccination at the same time . Given that the effectiveness of influenza vaccine is affected by many factors including pre-existing immunity , antigenic shift , and underlying condition , it is not surprising that we failed to find consistent and significant estimates . This also highlights the challenges of evaluating the benefits of vaccination at the population level , even in the most susceptible older populations . A higher disease burden was found in both Hong Kong and Brisbane after 2003 , which was consistent with the findings of our previous studies and others [ 21 , 22 ] . The potential explanation could be that H3N2 was more often predominant after 2003 and this subtype has been found associated with higher disease burden than H1N1 and B . The point estimates of RRs were sensitive to modeling parameters , and most had wide confidence intervals . This could be due to only a relatively small proportion of deaths or hospitalizations attributable to influenza . According to our previous studies , each year influenza is associated with nearly 1000 deaths and 10,000 hospitalizations in Hong Kong , accounting for only 3 and 1 % of annual total deaths and hospitalizations , respectively [ 22 ] [ 23 ] [ 24 ] [ 25 ] . Negative estimates of excess rates were occasionally derived from some disease outcomes , making it difficult to assess the relative increase / decrease between two cities . Relatively small counts in Brisbane could be the reason why we obtained extremely large or small point estimates for the post-SARS RR of CRD hospitalizations and the post-pandemic RR of stroke mortality in Brisbane ; hence , these RRs need to be interpreted with caution .


Putative protein interaction surface of the nsp10 ZBD . Hydrophobic surface of ( A ) the PRRSV nsp10 ZBD and ( C ) the EAV nsp10 ZBD . The hydrophobic pocket is covered by domain 1 B in PRRSV nsp10 . A 45 ° rotation view is shown in the right panel . Close-up view of hydrophobic pockets of ( B ) PRRSV nsp10 and ( D ) EAV nsp10 . Domain 1 B is omitted for clarity . Hydrophobic residues are shown as sticks . The orientation is the same as in panels A and C . Colors are calculated according to the method ( https://pymolwiki.org/index.php/ Color _ h ) .

Clinical and demographic variables are presented as medians and interquartile ranges or percentages , Mann-Whitney U or chi-square tests were used for comparisons , as appropriate . Odds ratios and 95 % confidence intervals ( 95 % CI ) were calculated to evaluate factors associated with death .

To investigate the factors associated with death and describe the gestational outcomes in pregnant women with influenza A ( H1N1 ) pdm09 , we conducted a case-control study ( deaths and recovered ) in hospitalized pregnant women with laboratory-confirmed influenza A ( H1N1 ) pdm09 with severe acute respiratory illness ( SARI ) in the state of São Paulo from June 9 to December 1 , 2009 . All cases were evaluated , and four controls that were matched by the epidemiological week of hospitalization of the case were randomly selected for each case . Cases and controls were selected from the National Disease Notification System-SINAN Influenza-web . The hospital records from 126 hospitals were evaluated , and home interviews were conducted using standardized forms . A total of 48 cases and 185 controls were investigated . Having had a previous health visit to a healthcare provider for an influenza episode before hospital admission was a risk factor for death ( adjusted OR ( OR adj ) of 7.93 , 95 % CI 2.19 - 28.69 ) . Although not significant in the multiple analysis ( OR adj of 2.13 , 95 % CI 0.91 - 5.00 ) , the 3 rd trimester deserves attention , with an OR = 2.22 , 95 % CI 1.13 - 4.37 in the univariate analysis . Antiviral treatment was a protective factor when administered within 48 hours of symptom onset ( OR adj = 0.16 , 95 % CI 0.05 - 0.50 ) and from 48 to 72 hours ( OR adj = 0.09 , 95 % CI 0.01 - 0.87 ) . There was a higher proportion of fetal deaths and preterm births among cases ( p = 0.001 ) and live births with low weight ( p = 0.019 ) , compared to control subjects who gave birth during hospitalization . After discharge , control subjects had a favorable neonatal outcome . Early antiviral treatment during the presence of a flu-like illness is an important factor in reducing mortality from influenza in pregnant women and unfavorable neonatal outcomes . It is important to monitor pregnant women , particularly in the 3 rd trimester of gestation , with influenza illness for diagnosis and early treatment .

Center of Lastourville , are in semiurban and rural areas , respectively , of Ogooué Lolo Province . The fourth center , the Medical Research Unit of Ngounie in Fougamou , is in a rural area of Ngounié Province .

R . felis is a gram-negative bacterium belonging to the spotted fever group of Rickettsia spp . In Gabon , the bacterium has been reported in arthropods , including Ctenocephalides felis cat fleas ( 15 ) and Aedes albopictus mosquitoes ( 16 ) , and in humans ( 14 ) . Similar to many African countries , Gabon has a strong disparity between health care in urban and rural areas ; in rural areas , little is known about the epidemiology of infectious diseases . The aim of our study was to evaluate the prevalence of R . felis infection among febrile and afebrile children in rural and urban areas of Gabon and the possible role of R . felis in acute febrile illness .

A comparison of our findings with previously reported data showed that R . felis prevalence among febrile children in Franceville decreased from 10 % in 2012 ( 14 ) to 1.3 % in 2014 . In addition , the variation in the R . felis prevalence between urban ( 1.3 % ) and rural ( 39.7 % ) areas of Gabon showed that R . felis is unequally distributed in the country . Differences in the prevalence of a possible vector or reservoir , or both , and disparate health care-associated conditions , including environmental conditions , poverty , and the availability and quality of health care facilities , between rural and urban areas may influence the distribution of R . felis in Gabon ; however , these factors have not been determined . An increased prevalence of R . felis was observed during the rainy season . This same finding was described in Senegal , where the prevalence of infection in the rural areas was 24 times higher than that in urban areas of Algeria ( 14 ) . Together , the finding suggests that R . felis is more prevalent in rural areas and during the rainy season in sub-Saharan Africa . R . felis was previously found in C . felis fleas from a pet monkey in Gabon , but the data concerned only 1 region , Franceville ( 15 ) . R . felis has been reported to be absent from C . felis fleas in rural areas of Senegal , where R . felis is common ( 30 ) . The factors explaining the spread of R . felis in Gabon should be evaluated in further studies . Although R . felis is widespread in Africa and unequally distributed in Gabon and Senegal ( 14 ) , its prevalence varies by country : 15.0 % in Senegal ( 14 ) , 3.0 % in Mali ( 14 ) , and 7.2 % in Kenya ( 5 ) . In our study , R . felis was mainly detected in young febrile children < 5 years of age ( primarily in those 1 - 3 years of age ) . In a rural area of Senegal ( Dielmo and Ndiop ) , the incidence of R . felis infection has also been reported to be higher ( reaching 36 % ) among febrile children 1 - 3 years of age , but the incidence was lower ( 0.1 % ) in persons > 15 years of age ( 14 ) . It has been reported that the seroprevalence of R . felis increases with age in areas where the bacterium is endemic ( 5 ) . This increase is probably due to exposure to the bacterium during the course of a lifetime , leading to protection by a progressive development of immunity against this bacterium in adults .

After assessing the disease prevalence , risk factors , and resources , India must implement effective strategies to reduce nosocomial transmission . To intervene , we will need to know what interventions will and will not work in India . Trials are therefore needed to evaluate relatively simple , feasible interventions and their effectiveness in reducing nosocomial risk . The lessons learned in such trials will be applicable in other resource-limited settings .

Periodic testing of healthcare workers for latent TB and treating those with latent infections who are at high risk for progression to active TB might be feasible in selected settings , particularly among trainees and junior staff ( who seem to be disproportionately affected ) . Screening for latent TB infection with newer , blood-based IGRAs may not be feasible in most settings at this time . Although IGRAs have some advantages over TST , including increased specificity and the ability to discriminate between infection with M . tuberculosis and M . bovis BCG , they have limited applicability in many resource-limited settings because of the high costs and the need for laboratory infrastructure ( 26 , 41 ) . However , new data suggest that IGRAs hold promise for serial testing of healthcare workers and can overcome some of the limitations of serial tuberculin testing ( 27 ) . A recent study from India showed that in a setting with intensive nosocomial exposure , healthcare workers had strong interferon-3 responses that persistently stayed elevated even after treatment for latent infection ( 42 ) . Persistence of infection or reexposure might account for this phenomenon .

Personal respiratory protection measures ( e.g. , N95 respirators ) are probably not feasible because of the high cost . Respirators may be relatively costly to implement and of limited effectiveness in high-incidence , resource-limited settings . ( 40 ) . The use of respirators may have a role in hospitals that manage MDRTB , but more successful and affordable measures include improving natural ventilation through open windows and sunlight . The efficacy of UV germicidal lights is being evaluated in other low-income countries , and results of such studies are needed to determine their value in reducing nosocomial transmission . In developing TB infection control programs , crucial issues are educating healthcare workers about nosocomial TB and measures that can help prevent such transmission , educating patients on cough procedures , and using simple surgical masks on patients with infectious TB ( especially if they are not segregated ) who are coughing .

In India , of all the recommended interventions , implementing administrative controls is likely to be the most feasible and effective strategy . Controls include early detection of patients with infectious TB , isolating or at least segregating those with infectious pulmonary TB from other patients , and rapidly initiating anti-TB treatment , supported by measures to improve adherence ( e.g. , DOT ) . Implementing many of the recommended engineering controls is not feasible in most healthcare facilities because of the high costs of such measures ( e.g. , negative-pressure isolation rooms ) . However , separation or segregation of smear-positive TB patients in private or semiprivate rooms or wards with simple mechanical exhaust ventilation ( e.g. , window fans ) could be feasible in some settings , particularly in the private sector and well-funded public hospitals . These measures have been shown to be useful in terminating an outbreak of nosocomial tuberculosis ( 9 ) . This intervention is particularly necessary at centers that manage patients with MDRTB ; at such centers , patients with infectious TB must not be admitted to the same wards as patients with HIV infection .

Delays in diagnosis and initiation of treatment and failure to separate or isolate patients with smear-positive TB from other patients also contribute to transmission risk . Previous studies in India have shown that diagnostic delays are common , and private practitioners , in particular , tend to underuse sputum microscopy , thereby increasing the probability of missing infectious TB patients ( 17 , 19 , 34 ) . Unnecessary or prolonged hospitalization of TB patients who could have been treated on an ambulatory basis might also contribute to high exposure levels in hospitals . A survey of TB hospitals in India showed that nearly 1 million patients sought treatment in 1999 . Approximately 77 % of these patients were reported to have undergone sputum examination , and one third of all patients had a diagnosis of TB ( 25 ) . Approximately one third of the hospitals admitted every sputum smear-positive TB patient encountered at their institution .

In a retrospective review of healthcare workers who underwent anti-TB treatment in a tertiary care hospital in Vellore , Gopinath et al . identified 125 healthcare workers who had been treated for active TB between 1992 and 2001 ( 29 ) . The annual incidence of pulmonary TB was 0.35 - 1.80 per 1,000 persons during this period . The annual incidence of extrapulmonary TB was 0.34 - 1.57 per 1,000 . These rates may have been underestimated because only healthcare workers who underwent TB treatment were counted . In this hospital , a case-control study showed that low body mass index and employment in medical wards were risk factors for TB disease among healthcare workers ( 30 ) .

At a tertiary care hospital in Chandigarh , Rao et al . estimated the incidence of active TB among resident physicians ( 28 ) . Among residents already working in the hospital , TB developed in 9 ( 2 % ) of 470 , for an incidence of 11.2 new cases per 1,000 person-years of exposure . Extrapulmonary disease developed in two thirds of the residents . Overall , this study showed a high rate of TB ( predominantly extrapulmonary ) among those who worked in medical subspecialties . However , most cases were identified by using clinical criteria , and few were bacteriologically confirmed .

Jatrorrhizine :

In summary , this study initially investigated the anti-MRSA activity of single berberine alkaloid on MRSA , and the individual EC 50 was obtained . Thereafter , 4 - fold and 16 - fold higher and lower concentrations of EC 50 were chosen for their interactions among berberine alkaloids by checkerboard assay , and the synergetic and antagonistic interactions were clarified . Next , the multi-component combination was studied by QRCD and the optimal combination for anti-MRSA activity was screened . In addition , the optimal combination was applied for its potency on other type strains , and it was demonstrated that the combination had a wide versatility . Furthermore , the BAs were tested on CYimmunocompromised mouse model to validate the therapeutic effects of the selected combinations . e : optimal combination in this study group ; f : geometric proportion of alkaloids group ; g : negative group ( noninfection mice without being given drugs ) ; h : placebo control ) .

This study provided a fast and reliable way for the interaction research of chemicals , and it also laid a foundation for the development and application of multicomponent drugs . However , this study only involves in vitro tests , and the and spread onto sabouraud dextrose agar plates . Colony counts were determined after 48 h at 35  C for calculation of geometric means . Comparative efficacy assessed by changes in the bacterial density in kidney , lung , and brain tissue of the infected mice after treatment , percent survival , and MST were undertaken for test compound ( s ) . Results obtained from Figure 8 showed that the combination in Phellodendri Chinensis Cortex and geometric proportion of alkaloids group did not have significant therapeutic effects on the body weight and percent survival of infected mice compared with placebo control ( > 0.05 ) . The course of infection indicates that the MST was 5.1 ± 0.5 , 6.8 ± 0.6 , and 7.6 ± 0.5 for the placebo control , geometric proportion of alkaloids group , and combination in Phellodendri Chinensis Cortex group , respectively . On the contrary , the combination in Rhizoma Coptidis , cefoxitin , and optimal combination in this study group showed significant therapeutic effects ( < 0.01 ) , in which the optimal combination in this study group showed the strongest anti-MRSA activity in vivo . The MST was 11.9 ± 1.2 for the optimal combination group .

( 1 )

To seek a multicomponent drug from traditional medicine is one of the research directions for treating MRSA infections . Rhizoma Coptidis has been used for more than two thousand years in China , and it was known as " the antibiotics in traditional Chinese medicine " . Although many studies were conducted on antimicrobial activities of berberine alkaloids ( BAs ) in the past few decades [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] , few of them paid attention to the interactions among BAs . As we know , BAs are the active components of several traditional medicines , such as Rhizoma coptidis , Phellodendri Chinensis , and Berberidis Radix [ 8 , 9 ] , and the awareness of the interactions among BAs is of great value for the exploitation of such multicomponent drugs .

Although berberine alkaloids ( BAs ) are reported to be with broad-spectrum antibacterial and antiviral activities , the interactions among BAs have not been elucidated . In the present study , methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) was chosen as a model organism , and modified broth microdilution was applied for the determination of the fluorescence absorption values to calculate the anti-MRSA activity of BAs . We have initiated four steps to seek the optimal combination of BAs that are ( 1 ) determining the anti-MRSA activity of single BA , ( 2 ) investigating the two-component combination to clarify the interactions among BAs by checkerboard assay , ( 3 ) investigating the multicomponent combination to determine the optimal ratio by quadratic rotationorthogonal combination design , and ( 4 ) in vivo and in vitro validation of the optimal combination . The results showed that the interactions among BAs are related to their concentrations . The synergetic combinations included " berberine and epiberberine , " " jatrorrhizine and palmatine " and " jatrorrhizine and coptisine " ; the antagonistic combinations included " coptisine and epiberberine " . The optimal combination was berberine : coptisine : jatrorrhizine : palmatine : epiberberine = 0.702 : 0.863 : 1 : 0.491 : 0.526 , and the potency of the optimal combination on cyclophosphamide-immunocompromised mouse model was better than the natural combinations of herbs containing BAs .

Its genome is single stranded , of positive polarity , and 11.7 kb long . Based on partial sequences of the envelope protein E1 , CHIKV strains can be grouped into 3 distinct genetic lineages , which share a common ancestor in tropical Africa ( 9 ) . The virus is transmitted to humans by numerous Aedes mosquito species , including Ae . aegypti and Ae . albopictus ( 2 , ( 10 ) ( 11 ) ( 12 ) . The latter is thought to be less competent as a vector ( 2 ) .

In the cumulative time course , anti-CHIKV IgG and IgM antibodies were detected soon after onset of symptoms . They were present in all patients in whom acute infection was confi rmed after 5 days . IgG was present so early that additional testing for IgM provided only limited additional sensitivity for detecting acute cases . Most likely this fi nding was caused not by low sensitivity of our IgM assay but by an unusually early IgG response . One reason for early IgG fi ndings could be lack of specifi city of the applied immunofl uorescence assay . However , we have shown recently that indirect immunofl uorescence is a sensitive and specifi c method for determining antibodies against CHIKV ( N . Litzba et al . , unpub . data ) . Moreover , we have confi rmed specifi city of our immunofl uorescence assay results by retesting a subset of serum samples by plaque-reduction neutralization test ( data not shown ) ; all antibody-positive samples subjected to this test had positive results . Finally , because most patients resided in Germany , where alphaviruses are not endemic , preexisting antibodies are unlikely . We must therefore assume that the IgG results are technically valid . An explanation for early IgG production would be the presence of unusually high presymptomatic viremia that provided an early antigen stimulus for antibody formation .

Cross-sectional laboratory data provided a good indication of the extent of this large outbreak of a usually underdiagnosed arbovirus infection in travelers . In the fi rst half of 2006 , as much as 24.4 % clinically suspected cases of CHIKV infection could be confi rmed . This predictive value of clinical diagnosis is impressive compared with that for suspected dengue virus infection in travelers ( 29 , 30 ) . The decrease to 9.9 % in the second half of 2006 is probably a refl ection of the decreasing CHIKV activity in tourist destinations , along with a shift to the Indian subcontinent where tourism is less concentrated .

We sequenced 40 PCR-positive samples , of which 18 ( 45 % ) showed the original E1-226A genotype and 22 ( 55 % ) had the E1-226V mutation ( 2 from Réunion Island , 20 from Mauritius , all sampled in the fi rst half of 2006 ) . Samples from India ( n = 2 ) and from Sri Lanka ( n = 2 ) , which were collected in the second half of 2006 , displayed the original E1-226A genotype . CHIKV viral loads among genotypes were compared ( Figure 3 ) . Median concentrations ( 1.6 × 10 7 copies / mL for E1-226A ; 1.6 × 10 5 copies / mL for E1-226V ) were not signifi cantly different at the 95 % confi dence level . To exclude an infl uence of CHIKV antibodies on this result , we analyzed samples without antibodies separately . Again , the difference was not signifi cant ( 226 A samples ( n = 12 ) , 5 × 10 7 copies / mL ; 226 V samples ( n = 12 ) , 2.5 × 10 6 RNA copies / mL ) .

Chikungunya virus ( CHIKV ) is an arthropod-borne RNA virus of the genus Alphavirus , family Togaviridae .

To assess whether CHIKV RNA detection may be infl uenced by antiviral antibodies , we compared RNA concentrations in seronegative ( n = 21 ) and seropositive ( n = 6 ) samples , all collected within the fi rst 4 days of illness ( Figure 2 ) . Median RNA concentration was 9.85 × 10 7 copies / mL in seronegative samples , which was signifi cantly higher than the 2.35 × 10 5 copies / mL found as median concentrations in seropositive samples ( p < 0.017 , analysis of variance F-test ) . To characterize the course of viremia in absence of antibodies , we plotted viral loads of all antibody-negative , PCR-positive samples against sampling days . The highest concentrations were found in samples drawn on day 0 with a mean of 1.2 × 10 9 RNA copies / mL ( 95 % CI 8.2 × 10 8 -1.6 × 10 9 copies / mL ) ( Figure 2 ) . Viral loads in later samples continuously decreased .

Degradation of skeletal muscle extracellular matrix , inflammation , and fibrosis are the common pathological features in DMD . Although the underlying mechanisms remain poorly understood , strategies to ameliorate dystrophic pathology are being considered . Kumar and colleagues 58 , 59 postulated that since expression of various matrix metalloproteinases are increased in dystrophic muscle , their suppression could dampen the extent of muscle pathogenesis in dystrophin deficiency . The 2 - week-old mdx mice received three intraperitoneal injections per week over a 5 - week period of batimastat ( BB-94 ) , a broad-spectrum peptide inhibitor of matrix metalloproteinases . Compared to sham-treated controls , the BB-94-treated mdx mice were found to have reduced necrosis , infiltration of macrophages , centronucleated fibers , and expression of embryonic myosin heavy chain . Deletion of the Mmp9 gene in mdx mice significantly improved muscle regeneration , pathology and function , and reduced muscle injury and inflammation . Pharmacological inhibition of Mmp9 activity also ameliorated skeletal muscle pathogenesis and enhanced myofiber regeneration in mdx mice . 59 Oxidative stress and in particular , abnormal production of reactive oxygen species in mitochondria by monoamine Dovepress Dovepress 33 emerging therapies for DMD oxidase have been identified as contributing to dystrophic pathogenesis . 60 Thus , administration of antioxidants could , in theory , be beneficial . Pargyline , a monoamine oxygenase inhibitor , reduced reactive oxygen species accumulation along with a beneficial effect on dystrophic phenotype and muscle strength in mouse muscular dystrophy models , including mdx mice . 60 Idebenone was cardioprotective and improved exercise performance in the mdx mouse 61 and has been evaluated in DMD and Friedreich 's ataxia patients . Dorchies and colleagues 62 demonstrated that a green tea polyphenol blend and derived extracts could protect primary mdx muscle cells from oxidative damage induced by hydrogen peroxide by scavenging H 2 O 2 and by improving the glutathione balance .

This current study was carried out in three phases during the pandemic peak season of A / H1N1 . The first phase was from 30 November 2009 to 27 December 2009 , the second from 4 January 2010 to 24 January 2010 , and the third from 24 February to 25 March in 2010 .

This study was performed in seven urban regions ( Beijing , Shanghai , Wuhan , Jingzhou , Xi ' an , Zhengzhou , Shenzhen cities ) and two rural areas ( Jingzhou and Zhengzhou counties ) of China with over one million people in each region . Regarding the urban sites , Beijing as the capital of China locates in the northeast ; Shanghai is a municipality in the east of China ; Wuhan ( the provincial capital of Hubei ) and Zhengzhou ( the provincial capital of Henan province ) are both in the centre of China ; Xi ' an in the northwest of China is the provincial capital of Shanxi province ; and Shenzhen of the Guangdong province is in the southeast of China . As for the rural sites , Jingzhou county and Zhengzhou county , from Hubei and Henan provinces , respectively , both locate in the centre of China .

The previous study presented various results of influencing factors on the the compliance with the preventive practices . The study in Saudi showed that older men with better education were more likely to take preventive practices [ 9 ] ; female students in Korean washed hands more frequently during the peak pandemic period of A / H1N1 [ 21 ] ; in another pandemic study in USA , younger people was found to have greater uptake of recommended behaviors but not for gender [ 16 ] . We found female with higher education took more precautionary behaviors , but office staffs and farmers took less comparing with students . While such differences could result from study population demographics , profound differences may also exist in the knowledge of A / H1N1 and the perceptions of recommended behaviors in those countries . Adjusting for the background factors , the multivariate logistic regression showed the possible relationship between knowledge and risk perception , knowledge and practices ( odd ratios were 1.57 and 2.09 , respectively ) , which indicated that good knowledge is important to enable individuals to have better attitudes and practices in influenza risk reduction . Similar findings were observed in other studies performed during A / H1N1 pandemic in Singapore [ 22 ] and during SARS pandemic in Hong Kong [ 13 ] . Therefore , it is important to focus on inculcating the correct knowledge to individuals as it will influence both attitudes and practices . Injecting vaccination is an effective measure to prevent infectious disease [ 23 ] . In China , the seasonal influenza vaccination is not included in the national immunization program and must be purchased by recipients . Those who are above 60 years old , the pupil and children in kindergarten , and people with chronic diseases are recommended to get inoculation . Data provided by China CDC in 2009 showed that the immunization rate of the seasonal flu in Chinese population was below 2 % [ 24 ] , which was much lower than 7.5 % in our study ( P < 0.000 1 ) . This phenomenon is partly due to the state 's prior vaccination strategy for population at high risk such as students , teachers , healthcare workers and people with chronic disease , as well as the confusion between seasonal flu vaccine and A / H1N1 vaccine in residents . People who could n't access the A / H1N1 vaccine may take up seasonal flu vaccine as preventive behaviors . The A / H1N1 vaccine was not available in China until the middle of September 2009 . All populations at high risk above three years old were invited for vaccination free of charge [ 25 ] . A survey among 868 European travelers showed 14.2 % participants were vaccinated against pandemic influenza A / H1N1 [ 26 ] , higher than 10.8 % in our study ( P < 0.01 ) . Our study also showed students and health care workers were more likely to take up , which may be due to the prior vaccination strategy . Multivariate stepwise logistic regression analysis , which allowed us to adjust for background factors , further showed the perceived risk of infection and the knowledge about the main modes of transmission related to A / H1N1 vaccination were insignificantly , similar results seen in Lau 's study [ 8 ] . Therefore , the vaccination rate of A / H1N1 is not expected to increase even if the virus becomes more prevalent or the knowledge of its transmission mode improved . Additionally , the behavior of taking up A / H1N1 vaccine was associated with perceptions of vaccine 's safety and influence on daily life by A / H1N1 as well as the knowledge about the free vaccination policy and the state 's initial vaccination strategy . This suggests that improving the safety of vaccine , the acceptability of side effect and the knowledge about the state 's strategy related to A / H1N1 vaccination in residents may be helpful to promote A / H1N1 vaccination in the general population . The cross-sectional telephone survey adopted in the study has some limitations . We were unable to interview the people who did not have phones and the depth of the questionnaire was largely limited because questions and pre-existing answers could not be too long and complex . In addition , the telephone response rate was 46.8 % , which means more than half of the interviewees rejected or did n't finish the survey . It was impossible to compare the difference between respondents and nonrespondents due to the lack of their basic information .

the risk of getting infected would increase when an infected person coughed or sneezed in close distance . This may be due to the previous experience of SARS and avian flu . Multivariate analysis results showed that workers and farmers with lower education level were less likely to have this knowledge , which indicated that the contents and forms of propaganda should be more understandable and acceptable . A large proportion of residents in our survey overlooked the indirect hand contact and hand-shaking transmission route and about one third of public misconceived that A / H1N1 was food borne , which was associated with the previous knowledge of avian flu and the new A / H1N1 flu in the general population . The confusion with avian flu might mislead some residents to believe that the A / H1N1 virus is fatal and cause public panic [ 19 ] . Therefore , it is important for the government and health authorities to provide continuously updated information of the emerging disease through televisions , newspapers , radios , and Internet . There are regional differences in the perception of A / H1N1 . For example , the public in Hong Kong did not perceive a high likelihood of having a local A / H1N1 outbreak [ 19 ] , but Malaysians were particularly anxious about the pandemic [ 20 ] . The current study shows that emotional distress was relatively mild in China as few residents worried about being infected ( 25.1 % ) . This phenomenon may also be related to the previous experience of the SARS epidemic , as well as the open epidemic information . A survey in Korean university showed that women perceived higher illness severity and personal susceptibility to A / H1N1 infection , which had been reconfirmed in our study [ 21 ] . Logistic regression analysis results suggested that women with higher educational level had higher perception of risk . As time went by , the knowledge about the main transmission route increased , but the risk perception of being infected in residents decreased , suggesting the positive effect of government policy regarding A / H1N1 infection prevention , as well as the promotion of the media .

Novel A / H1N1 has caused pandemic in this century . It is important to encourage the public to adopt precautionary behaviors , which is based on the correct knowledge of the epidemic and appropriate response among residents . Many studies have examined the various levels of KAP about infectious disease outbreaks , such as SARS , avian influenza [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] . Some studies have been reported specifically on community responses to A / H1N1 in Australia and Europe [ 16 , 17 ] . But through literature search , we have n't found any public reports on KAP regarding A / H1N1 among Chinese population until now . Therefore , we conducted this large population-based survey ( 10669 respondents ) to investigate community responses to A / H1N1 and to provide baseline data to government for preventive measures in case of future outbreaks .

About half of the respondents ( 42.9 % ) had avoided going to crowded places during the past two weeks of our survey . In case people nearby held influenza-like symptoms such as fever or cough , 56.9 % increased the frequency of hand-washing and 57.4 % would stay away from them . Multiple logistic regression analysis indicated compliance with the preventive practices were more likely to be taken by those who were females ( OR = 1 . Table 3 and Table 4 ) . The immunization rates of the seasonal flu and A / H1N1 in respondents were 7.5 % and 10.8 % respectively . The multivariate stepwise models further showed that except the health care workers ( OR = 1.52 ; 95 % CI 1.09 - 2.11 ) , residents in other occupations ( OR = 0.06 - 0.67 ) were less likely to take up the A / H1N1 vaccination comparing with students ( in Table 3 ) . Adjusting for the background covariates the knowledge about the free vaccination policy ( OR = 7.20 ; 95 % CI 5.91 - 8.78 ) and the state 's initial vaccination strategy ( OR = 1.33 ; 95 % CI 1.08 - 1.64 ) , perception of daily life disturbed ( OR = 1.29 ; 95 % CI 1.11 - 1.50 ) , practice of injecting the seasonal influenza vaccine ( OR = 4.69 ; 95 % CI 3.53 - 6.23 ) were significantly associated with behavior of taking up the A / H1N1 vaccination positively ( in Table 5 ) , and the adverse reaction of A / H1N1 vaccine negatively influenced people 's practice ( OR = 0.07 ; 95 % CI 0.04 - 0.11 ) .

Bat guano collection . Fresh bat guano pellets were collected at the Robber 's Cave , Mahabaleshwar , Maharashtra , India . Collection plates were left inside the cave for two hours to capture the guano dropping . This way , a total of 31 fresh guano pellets were collected from which 17 guano of sufficient quantity and free from contaminations were used for the further study .

Pathogen Identification from Ion Torrent sequencing data . Bacterial pathogen database 29 was used for the search of the bacterial pathogens from Ion Torrent sequencing reads . All the 16 S rRNA gene sequences of bat guano ( excluding CGS ) were compiled into a single fasta file ( containing 441560 sequences ) and searched against the above mentioned database for the sequence similarity using ncbi-blast-2 . 2.30 + algorithm 73 . Thus , every sequence was assigned the closest hit . Only BLAST hit showing query coverage e 99 % and maximum identity with maximum score value and lowest e-value was considered . The number of sequences having blast hit with e 97 % identity were short-listed and calculated the proportion of sequences affiliated to the bacterial pathogens .

Ion Torrent Data analysis . Barcode specific fastq files were processed using mothur pipeline 57 to obtain fasta and quality file . These two types of the files were quality filtered using following conditions : Size 150 - 200 bp , homo-polymer max . 5 , ambiguity max 0 , and average quality score 20 . This way we were able to obtain 874999 good quality sequences . All these reads were pooled into a single fasta file and analyzed using QIIME ( Quantitative Insight into Microbial Ecology ) package . Briefly , OTUs picking was done using open reference approach at 97 % sequence similarity cutoff . A representative sequence of each OTU was picked up and lowest possible taxonomic rank was assigned to each of them by using RDP classifier ( v2 . 7 ) 71 and SILVA database ( SiLVA _ 111 ) 72 as reference . In order to assess the relationship between sequencing depth and discovery of new OTUs , rarefaction analysis was performed . Further , diversity measurements were made using alpha diversity indices such as Shannon , Simpson and Chao1 . For computing core OTUs , CGS sample was excluded and a core OTU was defined as an OTU present in all ( 100 % of ) the samples .

Bacterial DNA isolation and species identification . For Bacterial identification , DNA of pure cultures was extracted using PureLink ® Pro 96 Genomic DNA Purification Kit ( Invitrogen , Inc . USA ) . PCR amplification of 16 S rRNA gene was performed in triplicates using 10 X PCR buffer , 0.2 mmol / L of dNTPs , 0.5 units of Taq polymerase ( Bangalore Genei ) and 10 picomols of each primers 8 F ( 52 - AGA GTTTGATCCTGGCTCAG -32 ) and 1492 R ( 52 - CGGTTACCTTGTTACGACTT-32 ) . PCR parameters include initial denaturation at 95 ° C for 5 min followed by 1 min at 95 ° C denaturation , 55 ° C annealing and extension at 72 ° C for 35 cycles followed by final extension at 72 ° C for 10 minutes then incubation at 4 ° C . PCR amplified products were gel checked for positive products . The positive products were purified using 20 % PEG-NaCl ( Polyethylene Glycol-NaCl ) . The purified products were processed and sequenced using ABI 3730 XL DNA Analyzer ( Applied Biosystems , USA ) . To obtain nearly full-length sequence ( 1.5 kb ) of bacterial 16 S rRNA gene , internal primers , 704 F ( 52 - GTAGCGGTGAAATGCGTAGA-32 ) and 907 R ( 52 - CCGTCAATTCMTTTGAGTTT-32 ) were also used . The sequences were concatenated using ChromasPro V1 . 4 ( http://www.technelysium.com.au/ChromasPro.html ) , followed by BLAST analysis at NCBI . A BLAST hit , with sequence similarity e 97 % and Query coverage e 99 is considered as the species of the isolate . Identification of Bacterial Pathogens . Only bacterial species belonging to risk group-2 or above were considered pathogen in present study ( NIH guidelines ; http://osp.od.nih.gov/sites/default/files/NIH_Guidelines. html # _ To c446948381 ) . Table S4 ) were used to identify the five different pathotype of the E . coli 33 . The DNA extracted from the 96 E . coli isolates was used to amplify and check the pathotype of E . coli . The PCR was performed using 10 X PCR buffer , 0.2 mmol / L of dNTPs , 0.5 units of Taq polymerase ( Thermo Scientific Inc . USA ) and 10 - 15 picomols of respective primers . PCR parameters include initial denaturation at 95 ° C for 5 min followed by 1 min at 95 ° C denaturation , different annealing temperatures 33 for 45 Seconds and extension at 72 ° C for 1 minutes for 35 cycles followed by a final extension at 72 ° C for 10 minutes then incubation at 4 ° C .

Pathogens identified from Ion Torrent sequencing includes Pseudomonas aeruginosa , and Clostridium perfringens etc . P . aeruginosa ( 240 ) is a Gram-negative pathogen responsible for several nosocomial infections and opportunistic infections 61 , 62 . The bacterial species Salmonella enterica ( 347 ) and Shigella flexneri ( 174 ) causes gastroenteritis ( food poisoning ) and shigellosis 63 , respectively . These can be transmitted by the direct contact , fecal or oral route . Hence , the consumption of food contaminated with bat guano should be avoided . The other species found Scientific RepoRts | 6 : 36948 | DOI : 10.103 8 / srep36948

Recently , even the healthy dairy cows have been reported to carry virulent genes ( stx2 , st and lt ) in E . coli isolated from their dung 45 . Additionally , the humans are reported to be the prime reservoirs for EAEC , EPEC and EIEC 46,47 , though they remain healthy . Hence , commensals like E . coli may carry virulence genes but often do not cause the infections as the appropriate combination of virulent genes , required to cause the infection , is not available 38 . Likewise , merely the presence of RG-2 bacteria from the host does not indicate it to be the pathogen as all strains of a species may not be the pathogen . Nevertheless , a possibility of gradually acquiring the additional virulence genes , required to cause a successful infection can not be ignored .

Few studies have indicated the presence of virulence genes in wild animals 40 , 41 . Cabal et al . 42 compared the virulence gene profile of E . coli isolated from cattle , swine and broiler . The results indicated the presence of stx1 and stx2 gene ( from both O157 : H7 and Non-O157 : H7 E . coli serotypes ) in cattle and swine 42 . Similarly , post weaning diarrhea in piglets is a common problem in piggery farms and the major reason appears to the EPEC / ETEC carrying different virulence genes especially the heat labile / stable toxins ( sta and stb ) 43 , 44 .

The next generation sequencing platforms are rapidly changing the ways of characterizing microbial community from various sources . Metagenomic studies using these sequencing technologies have contributed enormously to our understanding of structure and functioning of a given system . Accordingly , using Ion Torrent sequencing , it was observed that two guano samples has more than 98 % sequences representing the Proteobacteria , one showed the higher abundance of Actinobacteria and another one has the Firmicutes in abundance . Previous studies have demonstrated the huge variation in gut bacterial communities 22 even in genetically similar human individuals 30 . Therefore , the major reason appears to be the host specificity , individual 's diet , health and physiological state 27 . Recently , bat guano microbiome was reported from the composite guano collected from cave floor 22 , hence , no information was available about the host bats . Conversely , in addition to multiple guano microbiomes , we identified the bat to be Rousettus leschenaultii , a most dominating frugivorous bat in Robber 's Cave 23 . Additionally , alpha diversity and rarefaction analysis indicated the significant microbial enrichment in CGS sample indicating that the decaying process may have led to the increased bacterial diversity 35 . The decaying or the disintegration process is affected by the various physical and environmental factors . Additionally , the biogeochemical processes crucial for the recycling of the organic and inorganic matters are primarily carried out by the microorganism which causes the change in pH ( due to the release of ammonia ) and nutritional contents which further allow the growth of diverse bacteria 35 . Hence , the enrichment of bacterial communities in the decaying guano is explained . Further , the underlying soil may also cause an increase in the microbial load . The comparison between composite guano and samples from this study revealed that both CGS and composite guano are quite dissimilar in microbial composition from each other as well as rest of the fresh guano samples which further indicates the bacterial communities of decaying guano is rather different from the fresh guano . We speculate that the differences in two different decaying guano could be because of their origin , host bats ' species , duration of the decaying process and other physicochemical properties leading to the different trajectories of development of microbial communities .

So far , most studies have used one or two bacteriological media to identify the bacterial communities associated with bats 15,31 , hence were confined . Few of such studies have reported about 17 , 26 and 25 bacterial species from 4 , 6 and 10 species of bats respectively 17,32 , 33 . In contrast , using four different bacteriological media , we were able to acquire four different bacterial phyla belonging to 37 genera and 105 different species , thus , signifying the importance of traditional approach in microbial communities ' exploration . This fact is further strengthened by the presence of unique 66 bacterial species not reported earlier from bats . Interestingly , only a single genus of bacteria i.e. Staphylococcus was found in BCS . Therefore , the possibility of BCS contaminating the guano was excluded and assumed that all bacterial species isolated from bat guano are autochthonous community . Such rock dwelling Staphylococcus has been associated with Manganese mobilization in basalt rocks 34 , hence , its high abundance in BCS is explained . While guano shared some bacterial genera with those observed in CW and CGS ; the possibilities of these contaminating the guano was taken care during the sampling .

Bats are crucial and the integral part of healthy ecosystem , serving it in many ways such as chiropterophily , a mode of pollination exclusively carried by the bats . Apart from their ecological services , the bio-fertilizers made from the bat guano serve as the rich source of nutrients for better crop production , farming and gardening . Bats also has promising prospects for human health . ' Draculin ' ( Desmoteplase ) , a glycoprotein from the vampire bat 's saliva , a natural anti-coagulant , is currently in trial to be used as the medication to treat patient of ischaemic stroke . It can reopen the clogged blood vessels so that the damage can be prevented 30 hence , it can prove to be a life saver . Despite grandness of bats their every aspect including their gut microbial communities need to be addressed . The present study has attempted to identify the bacterial communities present in Rousettus leschenaultii 's ( a frugivorous bat species ) guano using culture-based approach and has led to the identification of about a thousand bacteria belonging to more than a hundred different bacterial species . A majority of them have been isolated for the first time from bats . Since all cultivated bacteria were identified using nearly full length 16 S rRNA gene sequencing , therefore , identity was ensured . Additionally , Ion Torrent sequencing of 16 S rRNA gene provided information about the general bacterial communities with specific emphasis on pathogens among the total communities present in bat guano .

Bat Guano Microbiome Comparison . Two previous bat microbiome studies were compared with the present bat guano microbiome study . To accomplish this , fastq files were retrieved from SRA ( Sequence Read Archive ) NCBI , quality filtered and analyzed using QIIME pipeline . The analysis revealed that these three bat microbiome studies are quite different in terms of composition and the relative proportion of bacterial communities . Only three phyla i.e. Chlamydiae ( ~ 63.6 % ) , Proteobacteria ( ~ 27.3 % ) and Bacteroidetes ( ~ 10 % ) were represented in Veikkolainen et al . 12 study ( location : Finland ; bat species : Myotis daubentonii ) . On contrary , the study by De Mandal et al . 22 ( location : India ; bat species : not available ) and present study ( location : India ; bat species : R . leschenaultii ) comprised of 21 and 27 bacterial phyla predominated by Actinobacteria ( ~ 38.7 % ) and Firmicutes ( ~ 42.1 % ) respectively ( Fig . 6 ) . In an attempt to identify the core bacterial microbiome , at a broader taxonomic level , two bacterial phyla were identified in all three studies ( Supplementary Figure S8 ) .

On comparison with the previous studies on avian pathogenic strains of E . coli 24 , a higher prevalence of the ibeA gene was revealed in this study ( 37.5 % vs previous ~ 26 % ) . Nonetheless , E . coli strains isolated from human vagina and neonatal meningitis appears to have similar prevalence of ibeA gene 25 , 26 . In present study the prevalence of east1 gene in E . coli strains was quite similar to the previous study ( 31.3 % ) in weaned pigs with the diarrheal infections 27 . Thus , a comparable frequency of virulent genes was observed .

of previous reports of bacterial identification from bat guano or the bats intestinal content 17 , 18 there remains an immense scope of identifying additional bacterial species from bats . Hence , a serious need of detailed and thorough study of bat guano associated bacteria was experienced . Such studies are important to catalogue the various bacteria from bats , so that their potential role in zoonosis can be recognized , interpreted and can be comprehended during the zoonosis .

Bats are crucial for proper functioning of an ecosystem . They provide various important services to ecosystem and environment . While , bats are well-known carrier of pathogenic viruses , their possible role as a potential carrier of pathogenic bacteria is under-explored . Here , using culture-based approach , employing multiple bacteriological media , over thousand bacteria were cultivated and identified from Rousettus leschenaultii ( a frugivorous bat species ) , the majority of which were from the family Enterobacteriaceae and putative pathogens . Next , pathogenic potential of most frequently cultivated component of microbiome i.e. Escherichia coli was assessed to identify its known pathotypes which revealed the presence of virulent factors in many cultivated E . coli isolates . Applying in-depth bacterial community analysis using high-throughput 16 S rRNA gene sequencing , a high inter-individual variation was observed among the studied guano samples . Interestingly , a higher diversity of bacterial communities was observed in decaying guano representative . The search against human pathogenic bacteria database at 97 % identity , a small proportion of sequences were found associated to wellknown human pathogens . The present study thus indicates that this bat species may carry potential bacterial pathogens and advice to study the effect of these pathogens on bats itself and the probable mode of transmission to humans and other animals .

Our assumption is that broad utilization shifts would affect multiple data streams in a similar way , and would thus not significantly affect the ratios among these data streams . In order to validate this assumption , we need to study the stability of the ratios around real-world surges . This assessment is difficult to do , since for most planned events , such as the Olympics , additional temporary health-care facilities are set up at the site of the event in order to deal with the expected surge . This preparation reduces or eliminates the surge that is recorded by the permanent health-care system , and therefore makes it hard to find data that describe surges . However , some modest shifts do appear in the health-care utilization data , and they are informative . We obtained data on the 2000 Sydney Summer Olympics directly from the Centre for Epidemiology and Research , New South Wales Department of Health , New South Wales Emergency Department Data Collection . The data show a 5 % surge in visits during the Olympics . While the magnitude of this shift is far less dramatic than those expected in a disaster , the Sydney Olympics nonetheless provide an opportunity to measure the stability of the ratios under surge conditions . Despite the surge , the relative rates of major syndromic groups remained very stable between the same periods in 1999 and 2000 . Injury visits accounted for 21.50 % of overall visits in 1999 , compared with an almost identical 21.53 % in 2000 . Gastroenteritis visits accounted for 5.84 % in 1999 , compared with 5.75 % in 2000 . As shown in Table 1 , the resulting ratios among the different syndromic groups remained stable . Although we would have liked to examine the stability of ratios in the face of a larger surge , we were not able to find a larger surge for which multi-year health-care utilization data were available . It is important to note that while the above data about a planned event are informative , surveillance systems need to be prepared for the much larger surges that would likely accompany unplanned events , such as pandemics , natural disasters , or other unexpected events that cause large shifts in utilization .

Such shifts threaten to undermine disease-surveillance systems at the very times they are needed most . During major public events , the risks and potential costs of bioterrorist attacks and other public-health emergencies increase . During epidemics , as health resources are already stretched , it is important to maintain disease outbreaksurveillance capabilities and situational awareness [ 4 , 5 ] . At present , many disease-surveillance systems rely either on comparing current counts with historical time-series models , or on identifying sudden increases in utilization ( e.g. , cumulative sum [ CUSUM ] or exponential weighted moving average [ EWMA ] [ 9 , 10 ] ) . These approaches are not robust to major shifts in health-care utilization : systems based on historical time-series models of health-care counts do not adjust their baselines and alert-thresholds to the new unknown utilization levels , while systems based on identifying sudden increases in utilization may be falsely triggered by the utilization shifts themselves .

Wikipedia pages on public health ( note that Wikipedia is a free online encyclopedia that anyone can edit , and is available in several languages ) A brief description from the World Health Organization of public-health surveillance ( in English , French , Spanish , Russian , Arabic , and Chinese ) A detailed report from the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention called ' ' Framework for Evaluating Public Health Surveillance Systems for the Early Detection of Outbreaks ' ' The International Society for Disease Surveillance Web site

Additional Information . Please access these Web sites via the online version of this summary at http://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pmed. 0040210 .

What Do These Findings Mean ? These findings suggest that epidemiological network systems that monitor the relationships between health-care resource-utilization data streams might detect disease outbreaks better than current systems under normal conditions and might be less affected by unpredictable shifts in the baseline data . However , because the tests of the new class of surveillance system reported here used simulated infectious disease outbreaks and baseline shifts , the network models may behave differently in real-life situations or if built using data from other hospitals . Nevertheless , these findings strongly suggest that public-health officials , provided they have sufficient computer power at their disposal , might improve their ability to detect disease outbreaks by using epidemiological network systems alongside their current disease-surveillance systems .

This work is different from other recent epidemiological research that has described simulated contact networks of individual people moving about in a regional environment and transmitting infectious diseases from one person to another . These simulations model the rate of spread of an infection under various conditions and interventions and help prepare for emergency scenarios by evaluating different health policies . On the other hand , we studied relational networks of hospitals monitoring health-care utilization in a regional environment , for the purpose of detecting localized outbreaks in a timely fashion and maintaining situational awareness under various conditions . Our work is also focused on generating an integrated network view of an entire healthcare environment .

Based on the results obtained , when constructing epidemiological networks for monitoring a particular epidemiological data stream , we recommend prioritizing the inclusion of a total visits from all other hospitals , followed by total visits from the same hospital , followed by data streams of the same syndrome group from other hospitals and streams of different syndrome groups from the same hospital , followed by data streams of different syndrome groups from different hospitals . We further recommend that , in addition to fullnetwork models , homogeneous network models ( e.g. , only respiratory nodes from multiple hospitals ) be maintained for greater stability in the face of major targeted shifts in healthcare utilization .

Based on the results obtained , it is clear that different types of networks are useful for detecting different types of signals . We present eight different classes of signals , their possible interpretations , and the approaches that would be able to detect them : the first four classes of signals involve increases in one or more data streams . ( 1 ) A rise in one syndrome group at a single location may correspond to a localized outbreak or simply a data irregularity . Such a signal could be detected by all network models as well as the reference model .

In order to gauge the performance of the network and reference models in the face of baseline shifts in health-care utilization , we performed a further set of simulation experiments , where , in addition to the simulated outbreaks of peak magnitude 37.5 % , we introduced various types and magnitudes of baseline shifts for a period of 200 d in the middle of the 405 - d testing period . We compared the performance of the reference time-series model , the complete network model , and a network model containing only total-visit nodes . For respiratory and gastrointestinal outbreaks , we also compared the performance of a two-node network containing only the target data stream and the total-visit data stream from the same hospital .

To address this challenge , we introduce a class of epidemiological network models that monitor the relationships among different health-care data streams instead of monitoring the data streams themselves . By extracting the extra information present in the relationships between the data streams , these models have the potential to improve the detection capabilities of a system . Furthermore , the models ' relational nature has the potential to increase a system 's robustness to unpredictable baseline shifts . We implemented these models and evaluated their effectiveness using historical emergency department data from five hospitals in a single metropolitan area , recorded over a period of 4.5 y by the Automated Epidemiological Geotemporal Integrated Surveillance real-time public health-surveillance system , developed by the Children 's Hospital Informatics Program at the Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology on behalf of the Massachusetts Department of Public Health . We performed experiments with semi-synthetic outbreaks of different magnitudes and simulated baseline shifts of different types and magnitudes . The results show that the network models provide better detection of localized outbreaks , and greater robustness to unpredictable shifts than a reference time-series modeling approach .

Following established methods [ 19 ] [ 20 ] [ 21 ] , we use semisynthetic localized outbreaks to evaluate the disease-monitoring capabilities of the network . The injected outbreaks used here follow a 7 - d lognormal temporal distribution ( Figure 2 ) , representing the epidemiological distribution of incubation times resulting from a single-source common vehicle infection , as described by Sartwell [ 22 ] . When injecting outbreaks into either respiratory-or gastrointestinal-related data streams , the same number of visits is also added to the appropriate total-visits data stream for that hospital in order to maintain consistency .

Some ratios are more unpredictable than others-i . e . , they have a greater amount of variability that is not accounted for by the historical model , and thus a greater modeling error . The nonparametric approach to evaluating aberrations adjusts for this variability by interpreting a given aberration in the context of all previous aberrations for that particular ratio during the training period .

During network operation , the goal of the network is to determine the extent to which the observed ratios among the data streams differ from the ratios predicted by the historical models . Observed ratios , r ij , are calculated from the observed data , and are compared with the expected ratios to yield the observed errors , e ij : e ij ðtÞ 1 ⁄ 4 r ij ðtÞ À R ij ðtÞ ð 3 Þ

The goal of an epidemiological network model is to model the historical relationships among health-care data streams and to interpret newly observed data in the context of these modeled relationships . In the training phase , we construct time-series models of the ratios between all possible pairs of health-care utilization data streams . These models capture the weekly , seasonal , and long-term variations in these ratios . In the testing phase , the actual observed ratios are compared with the ratios predicted by the historical models .

Initial motivation for this work originated as a result of the authors ' experience advising the Hellenic Center for Infectious Diseases Control in advance of the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens [ 17 ] , where there was concern that a population surge caused by the influx of a large number of tourists would significantly alter health-care utilization patterns relative to the baseline levels recorded during the previous summer . The epidemiological network model was then formalized in the context of the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's nationwide BioSense health-surveillance system [ 18 ] , for which the authors are researching improved surveillance methods for integration of inputs from multiple health-care data streams . BioSense collects and analyzes health-care utilization data , which have been made anonymous , from a number of national data sources , including the Department of Defense and the Veteran 's Administration , and is now procuring local emergency department data sources from around the United States .

HIV-1 arose as the result of spillover of simian immunodeficiency viruses ( SIVs ) from great apes in Africa , namely from chimpanzees and gorillas . Chimpanzees and gorillas were , themselves , infected with SIV after virus spillover from African monkeys . During spillover events , SIV is thought to require adaptation to the new host species . The host barriers that drive viral adaptation have predominantly been attributed to restriction factors , rather than cofactors ( host proteins exploited to promote viral replication ) . Here , we consider the role of one cofactor , RanBP2 , in providing a barrier that drove viral genome evolution during SIV spillover events . RanBP2 ( also known as Nup358 ) is a component of the nuclear pore complex known to facilitate nuclear entry of HIV-1 . Our data suggest that transmission of SIV from monkeys to chimpanzees , and then from chimpanzees to gorillas , both coincided with changes in the viral capsid that allowed interaction with RanBP2 of the new host species . However , human RanBP2 subsequently provided no barrier to the zoonotic transmission of SIV from chimpanzees or gorillas , indicating that chimpanzee- and gorilla-adapted SIVs are pre-adapted to humans in this regard . Our observations are in agreement with RanBP2 driving virus evolution during cross-species transmissions of SIV , particularly in the transmissions to and between great ape species .

Strains were phage typed by using the scheme described by Hammerstrom , Kallings , and Sjoberg , according to a protocol supplied by R . Wollin ( 1,2 ) . The scheme consists of 11 phages and is based on the typing of the rough phase II variant of S . sonnei . The scheme comprises defined phage types ( PT ) 1 - 100 and provisional PTs A-P . Cultures were grown overnight on MacConkey agar , and a rough colony was placed in nutrient broth and grown for 18 hours at 37 ° C . The broth culture was then used to flood a nutrient agar plate and , once dry , spotted with the 11 phages and incubated at 37 ° C for 5 hours . The patterns of lysis were recorded and compared with those indicated on the typing chart . All isolates were 1458 Emerging Infectious Diseases " www . cdc . gov / eid " Vol . 12 , No . 9 , September 2006

To the Editor : In the summer of 2004 , genitourinary medicine clinics in London reported cases of Shigella sonnei with a novel phage type pattern ( later designated PTQ ) . Outbreak case finding involved local laboratories and genitourinary medicine physicians in London , as well as the national reference laboratory . A case was considered confirmed if S . sonnei PTQ was isolated from January 2004 through April 2005 , and the patient had not traveled outside the country the week before illness . Possible cases were defined as for confirmed cases but were so designated when patient had a history of foreign travel in the week before illness or when travel history was unknown . From October 2004 , when we became aware of the outbreak , until December 2004 , we conducted telephone interviews with newly identified case-patients . For cases that occurred before October 2004 , and from January 2005 through April 2005 , information was obtained from laboratory records only .

HBoV was detected in serial samples from 2 children during a 2 - day ( V04 / 2591 and V04 / 2613 ) and 7 - day ( V04 / 2599 and V04 / 2631 ) period . In both , sequences were identical and clustered within the proposed subgroup B . In a third child , HBoV sequences were detected in 2 samples taken 2 months apart ; in these samples , the isolates were different ( V04 / 1159 and V04 / 2062 ) ( Figure ) .

HBoV DNA was detected in 38 ( 11 % ) samples from 35 children , all < 2 years of age . Infections occurred throughout the year , although more positive results were found in the autumn / winter season from April to August ( 63 % ) than during the rest of the year ( 37 % ) . A diagnosis of pneumonia or lower respiratory tract infection was made for 30 ( 86 % ) children . Thirteen ( 37 % ) HBoV-positive children required admission to the inten-sive care unit . Comorbid conditions were present in 22 children : cystic fibrosis ( 1 ) , spinal muscular atrophy type 1 ( 4 ) , Down syndrome ( 4 ) , cardiac abnormalities ( 5 ) , and HIV infection ( 8 ) . Co-infection with a range of viral and bacterial organisms was a common feature in HBoV-positive children and was found in 14 ( 37 % ) samples . These organisms included cytomegalovirus ( 4 ) , respiratory syncytial virus ( 2 ) , adenovirus ( 1 ) , HCoV NL63 ( 1 ) , parainfluenza 3 ( 1 ) , Staphylococcus aureus ( 1 ) , Streptococcus pneumoniae ( 1 ) , Klebsiella pneumoniae ( 1 ) , and Pneumocystis jirovecii ( 2 ) . However , in the remaining 24 ( 63 % ) samples , no other infectious agent was identified .

Numerical Representation

Methods , such as the electron-ion interaction pseudopotentials ( EIIP ) [ 40 ] and the atomic representation approach [ 41 ] , aim to mimic the biochemical properties of nucleic acids but introduce some mathematical bias that does not exist in reality [ 26 ] . Other methods , like the Voss indicator [ 42 ] and the Tetrahedron approach , do not introduce internucleotide mathematical bias , meaning the pairwise distances between each non-identical transformed nucleotide are the same ( for example , the distance between A and T is equal to the distances between A and C as well as A and G ) . Furthermore , the cumulative sum of a numerical representation R can be used to indicate the trajectory of a sequence in nucleotide space . Table 1 indicates the values used for different representation methods [ 26 ] .

Various numeric sequence representation methods can be used for symbolising a nucleotide sequence to a numerical space ( see 51 ) . Depending on the chosen numerical representation , each nucleotide is associated with a specific numerical value or vector . The specific values are assigned to the position of each nucleotide indicating the presence of a nucleotide at each sequence position ( Equation 1 ) . R i is the indicator for a specific nucleotide in the i th position of the sequence S with a length of n nucleotides . Values v 1 . . . v 5 correspond to the numerical value or numerical vector associated with each nucleotide .

In addition to the DFT , the DWT and PAA , suitable methods for measuring the pairwise similarity of sequential data or transformations include the Lp-norms [ 27 ] , dynamic time warping ( DTW ) [ 28 ] ,

Furthermore , transformations allow compression of standalone sequence composition , enabling flexible reduction of sequence resolution according to analytical requirements , so that redundant sequence precision need not hinder analysis . While the problem of read alignment to a known reference sequence is largely considered solved , assembly of large genomes remains a formidable problem in computing . Moreover , consideration of the metagenomic composition of mixed biological samples , as demonstrated , further extends the scope and scale of the assembly problem beyond what is tractable using conventional sequence comparison approaches . By implementing a reference-based aligner and de novo assembler , we have demonstrated that using compressed numerical representations offers a versatile approach for reconstructing genomes and metagenomes sequenced with short reads .

Collectively , our results demonstrate that complete nucleotide-level sequence resolution is not a prerequisite of accurate sequence analysis and that analytical performance can be preserved and even enhanced through appropriate dimensionality reduction ( compression ) of sequences . While our implementations use k-mers , the nature of the transformation / compression methods used shows that optimal k-mer length selection is far less important than the conventional exact k-mer matching methods . The inherent error tolerance of the approach also permits the use of longer k-mers than Figure 12 . Accuracy of our prototype de novo assembly implementation and two established tools on mixed viruses simulated datasets . The contigs obtained for each assembler were evaluated against the reference genome that was used to generate the simulated data . BLASTn was used to align all contigs to an HIV-1 HXB2 reference genome and determine how much of the particular genome they cover . The y-axis indicates the number of gaps and mismatches that exist in the contigs obtained for each tool , and the x-axis depicts the length of the genome the reported contigs cover . The contigs obtained from the mixed virus simulated dataset were evaluated against the KM198529 , KM198528 , KM198511 , KM198500 , KM198486 , KU296608 , KU296553 , KU296549 , KU296528 , KU296416 , KP317952 , KP317946 , KP317934 , KP317923 and KP317922 references genomes . Plots 11 - i to 11 - iv illustrate results obtained from all assemblers on data with 0 % , 3 % , 10 % and 20 % variation levels accordingly . Figure 11 illustrates the assembly results of SPAdes , Megahit and all three variants of ASBN on the 16 simulated HIV-1 HXB2 datasets . Figure 12 illustrates the assembly results on the mixed virus simulated databases . Although ASBN processes data and assembles short reads in a lower dimensional space , it nevertheless generated contigs that collectively cover the expected genome length and provided comparable results to both existing state of the art de novo assemblers tested in this experiment ( Figures 11 and 12 ) . In all cases , ASBN generated contigs spanning the whole genomes of their respective viral species .

Viruses 2018 , 10 , x 9 of 13 associated with SAV12 particularly at the perinuclear area . Likewise , a similar pattern was noted in the context of infection as vesicle-like compartments containing SAV12 , and ORF3 proteins could be detected ( Figure 6 ) . Additionally , co-localization of ORF3-Trnc with SAV12 was more concentrated and localized together in the vesicles ( Figure 6 ) at a higher PCC value than the ORF3-FL in infected cells ( PCC ± SD ; ORF3-FL = 0.24 ± 0.07 , ORF3-Trnc = 0.53 ± 0.04 ) , Figure S6 ) . Of note , mean PCCs to assess ORF3-S localization are shown in Table S2 . To further determine whether ORF3 could be co-localized with the S protein derived from other PEDV strains , we overexpressed ORF3 together with the S protein from field-isolated PEDV in G2b genogroup ( S-G2 ) , which is substantially distinct from the G1 genogroup like SAV12 [ 13 , 14 ] . Similarly , ORF3 was found co-localized with S-G2 in the same manner as those observed in SAV12 ( Figure S9 ) . Figure 6 . Co-localization of the ORF3 and S proteins in transfected and infected cells . HEK293T cells were co-transfected with pCAGGS _ ORF3s-myc ( ORF3-FL or-Trnc ) and pCAGGS _ SAV12 ( left panel ) or infected by the PEDVAV12 _ ORF3s-myc ( ORF3-FL or-Trnc ) ( right panel ) . The PEDVAV12 _  ORF3 was used as a control . Cells were stained with rabbit anti-myc and mouse anti-S1 antibodies followed by incubation with goat anti-rabbit IgG Alexa flour 488 and-mouse IgG Alexa flour 647 antibodies . Nuclei were stained with Prolong Gold Antifade Mountant with DAPI . Co-localization of PEDV ORF3s with S proteins was analyzed by confocal microscopy . Scale bars are 10 μm .

We subsequently examined the expression of ORF3 in the context of transfection and infection . To this end , VeroE6-APN cells were transfected with pCAGGS expressing the full-length and the truncated ORF3 or infected with the recombinant viruses . Recombinant virus lacking ORF3 ( PEDVAV12 _  ORF3 ) was also included as a control . As shown in Figure 2 A , the ORF3-myc tag protein migrated to an expected molecular mass at ~ 27 kDa in both transfected and infected cells ( Figure 2 A , B , Left panel ) . However , the observed ORF3 protein bands expressed in transfected and infected cells appeared in different patterns . While the expressed ORF3s protein displayed a single band in transfected cells , additional bands were detected in infected cells ( Figure 2 B , Left panel ) . We surmised that the observed Western blot expression patterns of each ORF3 protein in infected cells are distinct and might not be relevant to other viral proteins and the PEDV growth as indicated by no correlation between the amount of S and ORF3s proteins in infected cells ( Figure S3 ) . Further analysis by immunofluorescence assay also revealed that the ORF3 proteins are predominantly localized in the cytoplasm of transfected and infected cells ( Figure 2 A At 48 hpi , syncytium formation was detected in the transfected VeroE6-APN cells . pPEDV AV12 with deletion of ORF3 gene (  ORF3 ) was used as a control . Scale bar is 100 μm ; ( C ) the reverse genetics-derived PEDV AV12 -  ORF3 , ORF3-FL and-Trnc were inoculated onto VeroE6-APN cells at the multiplicity of infection ( MOI ) of 0.2 . The viruses were harvested at 24 , 48 and 60 hpi and subjected to syncytia forming unit assay ( SFU ) for virus titration . Statistical analysis was performed by using the two-way ANOVA method ; error bars represent the means ± standard error of means of virus titers . ns ; no statistical significance , * * p < 0.01 and * * * p < 0.001 .

We then examined PEDV AV12 _ ORF3s replication in VeroE6-APN cells . When each virus was inoculated onto VeroE6-APN cells and harvested at 24 , 48 and 60 hpi , we found that titers of all viruses were comparable early after infection , but different growth characteristics could be noted at the later time point with the PEDV AV12 _ ORF3-Trnc titer significantly higher than that of the PEDV AV12 _ ORF3-FL ( Figure 1 C ) . infectious clone carrying myc-tagged ORF3 including the full length ( ORF3-FL ) or truncated ORF3 genes ( ORF3-Trnc ) ; ( B ) the PEDVAV12 infectious clones ( pPEDVAV12 _ ORF3-FL and-Trnc ) were transfected into VeroE6-APN cells . At 48 hpi , syncytium formation was detected in the transfected VeroE6-APN cells . pPEDVAV12 with deletion of ORF3 gene (  ORF3 ) was used as a control . Scale bar is 100 μm ; ( C ) the reverse genetics-derived PEDVAV12-  ORF3 , ORF3-FL and-Trnc were inoculated onto VeroE6-APN cells at the multiplicity of infection ( MOI ) of 0.2 . The viruses were harvested at 24 , 48 and 60 hpi and subjected to syncytia forming unit assay ( SFU ) for virus titration . Statistical analysis was performed by using the two-way ANOVA method ; error bars represent the means ± standard error of means of virus titers . ns ; no statistical significance , * * p < 0.01 and * * * p < 0.001 .

Insect cell codon-optimized gene for S of EMC / 2012 strain was synthesized by Bioneer ( Daejeon , Korea ) and used as a PCR template . Four MERS-CoV spike subunit genes , S " TM ( 1 - 1296 aa ) , S1 ( 1 - 751 aa ) , S2 ( 752 - 1296 aa ) , and RBD ( 358 - 606 aa ) , were PCR-amplified with primers containing BamHI site in the forward primer and 6 × His-tag sequence and SalI site in the reverse primer . For S2 and RBD , the gp67 signal peptide sequence was also included in the forward primer Table 1 Amino acid sequence of MERS-CoV Spike derived from EMC / 2012 , England1 , and KOR / KNIH / 002 strains . Goo , et al . Virus Research 278 ( 2020 ) 197863 following the BamHI site . Each PCR product was cloned into the pFastBac donor vector ( Bac-to-Bac " Baculovirus Expression System , Thermo Fisher ) using BamHI and SalI restriction sites . Infectious recombinant baculovirus was prepared as described previously ( Yang et al . , 2015 a ) .

Our mAbs RBD-23D3 , RBD-25E4 , and RBD-40G7 targeting RBD showed high cross-neutralizing activities against 14 different MERS-CoV S pseudoviruses . In contrast , the transduction of pseudovirions with the change of V534A in RBD of EMC / 2012 was not inhibited by any of our mAbs . Interestingly , two mAbs , RBD-14F8 and RBD-43E4 , did not neutralize another pseudovirion with specific mutation in RBD region : RBD-14F8 could not neutralize the pseudovirions with changes in the amino acid residue at 506 , 510 , and particularly at 509 site ( D509 G ) ; meanwhile , RBD-43E4 did not neutralize pseudovirions with the mutation at 529 amino acid residue ( I529 T ) compared with the EMC / 2012 strain S sequence . A single amino acid change in the RBD region was identified in 2015 Korea outbreak patients and it was reported that the mutation of either D510 G or I529 T reduces the viral affinity to human cellular receptor DPP4 ( Kim et al . , 2016 b ) . In our experiments , lower luciferase activity was also observed in 786 O target cells after pseudovirus infection with D510 G or I529 T mutation . The mAb CDC-C2 developed by US NIH possessed binding affinity to RBD and lost neutralizing effect against pseudovirions with mutations at 509 , 512 , 534 , 536 , 539 , 540 , or 542 amino acid residues from EMC / 2012 strain S amino acid sequence . The common amino acid that influences the loss of neutralization between CDC-C2 and our RBD-14F8 mAbs is the 509 residue . S2-binding S2-14H8 showed partial neutralizing activity against all tested pseudoviruses , and non-RBD S1-binding S1-6E6 did not hinder cell entry of the entire tested pseudoviruses at all . More structural data are needed to determine precise epitopes for each neutralizing mAb and the mechanisms by which combining the mAbs might delay viral escape .

In our study , the RBD subunit protein itself could not induce sufficient neutralizing activity , unlike S " TM protein , which suggests that the design of antigen to possess an appropriate structural conformation is crucial for developing vaccines and therapeutic neutralizing antibodies . The baculoviral expression system produced all recombinant S subunit proteins in this study . Hence , the baculovirus-expressed S " TM can be considered as a promising MERS-CoV vaccine antigen given its ability to induce potent neutralizing antibodies , although it does not have trimerization tag for pre-fusion conformation ( Pallesen et al . , 2017 ) and may have different glycosylation patterns as compared to mammalian-expressed S proteins ( Li et al . , 2016 ) .

To make mAbs available for human clinical use or standard of human sample analysis , RBD-14F8 and RBD-43E4 were genetically engineered to increase their similarity to antibody variants produced naturally in humans ; their Fc region was replaced by human IgG1 Fc , and the light chain was replaced with human lambda1 and kappa1 chain ( Table 4 ) . The humanized antibody for 14 F8 and 43E 4 was produced using 293 F cells by transfection of cloned antibody DNA plasmids and purified with Protein A column ( Fig . 5 A ) . These chimeric mAbs neutralized the pseudoviruses with S of EMC / 2012 , KOR / KNIH / 002 , and V530 L variant of EMC / 2012 . However , h14F8 showed lower neutralization activity against pseudotyped D509 G , D510 G , and especially L506 F variant , and h43E4 did not neutralize the pseudotyped I529 T variant at all ( Fig . 5 B ) , which were also observed in mouse mAb RBD-14F8 and RBD-43E4 , respectively .

Next , the neutralizing activity of a panel of ELISA-positive 77 hybridomas was evaluated against MERS-CoV EMC / 2012 strain S-pseudotyped virions . The inhibition of the pseudovirus infection by antibodies was quantified by luciferase activity in pseudovirus-infected cells ( Fig . 2 A ) . Selected clones were further tested against S-pseudotyped KOR / KNIH / 002 strain ( Fig . 2 B ) , and seven clones were selected : six clones ( 6 , 23 , 25 , 40 , 43 , and 14 ) and one clone ( 14 S2 ) generated by S " TM and S2 immunization , respectively . Among these clones , 6 ( S " TM ) did not neutralize both EMC / 2012 and KOR / KNIH-002 strains , and 14 ( S2 ) inhibited the entry of both pseudotyped strains to the target 786 O cells with approximately 50 % activity . All these seven clones were further sub-cloned and finally , mAbs S1-6E6 , RBD-14F8 , RBD-23D3 , RBD-25E4 , RBD-40G7 , RBD-43E4 by S " TM , and S2-14H8 by S2 were purified and characterized for IgG subclass and light chain type ( Table 3 ) . Upon examination of the binding domain of the S " TM-generated mAbs , S1-6E6 bound to non-RBD S1 and the other neutralizing A . Fc / light chain-humanized chimeric h14F8 ( left ) and h43E4 ( right ) mAb purified from 293 F cell culture supernatant after transfection with relevant DNA plasmids and run on the 4 < 20 % SDS-PAGE followed by Coomassie-blue staining . Re , reducing condition ; NR , non-reducing condition . B . h14F8 ( left ) and h43E4 ( right ) mAb was diluted 4 - fold from 12.5 ng and were neutralized against EMC / 2012 , KOR / KNIH / 002 , L506 F , D509 G , D510 G , I529 T , and V530 L pseudotyped virions . The luciferase activity of pseudovirus was converted to % neutralizing activity . C . Neutralizing activity of both mouse and chimeric 14 F8 and 43E 4 against wild type MERS-CoV KOR / KNIH / 002 strain was assessed by PRNT . mAbs were diluted 4 - fold from 100 ng and were tested . The data is representative of at least two independent experiments . mAbs showed affinity to RBD ( Fig . 2 C ) . Taken together , several neutralizing mAbs were generated by S " TM immunization , although the antibodies developed by RBD immunization did not induce a neutralization effect under our experimental condition ( Fig . 2 A ) .

MERS-CoV S-pseudotyped lentivirus was produced to evaluate the neutralizing activity of antibodies secreted by hybridoma cells . Pseudovirus expressing the MERS-CoV spike protein was generated by co-transfection of the plasmids of HIV-1 Gag / pol , luciferase-expressing HIV-1 , and S into HEK 293 T cells . We used S genes without an endoplasmic reticulum signal ( S " ER ) ( Kim et al . , 2016 b ) . S " ER gene of EMC / 2012 , England 1 , and KOR / KNIH / 002 strains were cloned ( Table 1 ) and the other 13 RBD genes of naturally occurring strains of MERS-CoV were cloned based on the EMC / 2012 strain S gene , except for the RBD region ( Table 2 ) .

The 786 - O cells were plated at a density of 1 × 10 4 cells / well in 96 well plate with complete DMEM ( 10 % FBS , 1 % penicillin / Fig . 3 . Dose-dependent neutralizing activity of purified mAbs against 11 different MERS-CoV Spike ( S ) - pseudotyped virions . Each mAb was diluted 2 - fold from 50 ng and tested . mAb was incubated with indicated MERS-CoV S-pseudotyped virions for 60 min at 37 ° C and added to 786 O cells , incubated for 6 h , replaced with fresh medium , and analyzed for luciferase-reporter activity 3 days later . The RLU value was converted to % neutralizing activity . The data is represented as the mean ± standard deviation from at least two independent experiments . Statistical significance was determined by one-way ANOVA followed by Tukey 's test . streptomycin ) at 37 ° C in a humidified atmosphere of 5 % CO 2 the day before pseudo-viral infection until 95 % confluence was achieved . After incubation of 50 1 ⁄ 4 L of 2 × 10 6 MERS-CoV S-pseudotyped particles and 20 1 ⁄ 4 L of serially diluted mouse immune serum or neutralizing antibody as positive control ( Sino Biological Inc . , Beijing , China ) for 1 h at room temperature , the mixtures were added to the cells and wells were replaced with 100 1 ⁄ 4 L of fresh media after 6 h of incubation . Cells were lysed after 72 h with 20 1 ⁄ 4 L of lysis buffer ( Promega , Promega , Madison , WI , USA ) and transferred to Opaque plate ( Perkin-Elmer , Waltham , MA , USA ) ( Kim et al . , 2007 ) . Luciferase activity was measured by adding 40 1 ⁄ 4 L of the substrate ( Promega ) using SpectraMax L Microplate Reader ( Molecular Devices , San Jose , CA , USA ) . ( Yang et al . , 2015 b ) , was pre-incubated with each mAb and then added to Vero cells . After 1 h of incubation , cells were overlaid with a medium containing 1 % Sea-plaque agarose ( Lonza , Basel , Switzerland ) . At 48 h after MERS-CoV infection , cells were fixed and Fig . 4 . Dose-response curve of neutralizing activity of mAbs against three pseudoviruses with MERS-CoV RBD identified in 2015 during the Korean MERS outbreak ( D510 G , I529 T , and V530 L respectively ) . Each mAb was diluted 2 - fold from 50 ng and tested . mAb was incubated with indicated MERS-CoV S-pseudotyped virions for 60 min at 37 ° C and added to 786 O cells , incubated for 6 h , replaced with fresh medium , and analyzed for luciferase-reporter activity 3 days later . The RLU value was converted to % neutralizing activity . The data is represented as the mean ± standard deviation from at least two independent experiments . Statistical significance was determined by one-way ANOVA followed by Tukey 's test . J . Goo , et al . Virus Research 278 ( 2020 ) 197863 stained with anti-MERS-CoV N protein antibody ( Sino Biological Inc . ) to count the viral plaques .

Pseudovirus neutralizing activity of hybridomas generated using splenocytes of mice that were immunized with S " TM , S1 , S2 , and RBD recombinant protein .

Middle East Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus ( MERS-CoV ) causes an acute and severe respiratory disease with high mortality in humans ( van Boheemen et al . , 2012 ) . MERS-CoV was first identified in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia in 2012 , which is a single and positive stranded RNA virus ( de Groot et al . , 2013 ) . As of 8th July 2019 , 2,428 laboratory-confirmed cases of MERS worldwide , including 838 associated deaths , with a mortality rate of 34.5 % , were reported . Dromedary camels are widely considered as the source of the transmission of MERS-CoV ( Hemida et al . , 2017 ) . The rate of human transmission among household contacts of MERS patients has been approximately 5 % based on serological analysis ( Drosten et al . , 2014 ) . However , nosocomial super-spreading events occurred in South Korea in 2015 and the rapid and widespread of MERS-CoV from May to July 2015 raised strong concerns regarding the possible generation of mutations with enhanced sequential human infection .

Middle East Respiratory Syndrome coronavirus ( MERS-CoV ) causes severe pulmonary infection , with < 35 % mortality . Spike glycoprotein ( S ) of MERS-CoV is a key target for vaccines and therapeutics because S mediates viral entry and membrane-fusion to host cells . Here , four different S subunit proteins , receptor-binding domain ( RBD ; 358 - 606 aa ) , S1 ( 1 - 751 aa ) , S2 ( 752 - 1296 aa ) , and S " TM ( 1 - 1296 aa ) , were generated using the baculoviral system and immunized in mice to develop neutralizing antibodies . We developed 77 hybridomas and selected five neutralizing mAbs by immunization with S " TM against MERS-CoV EMC / 2012 strain S-pseudotyped lentivirus . However , all five monoclonal antibodies ( mAb ) did not neutralize the pseudotyped V534A mutation . Additionally , one mAb RBD-14F8 did not show neutralizing activity against pseudoviruses with amino acid substitution of L506 F or D509 G ( England1 strain , EMC / 2012 L506 F , and EMC / 2012 D509 G ) , and RBD-43E4 mAb could not neutralize the pseudotyped I529 T mutation , while three other neutralizing mAbs showed broad neutralizing activity . This implies that the mutation in residue 506 - 509 , 529 , and 534 of S is critical to generate neutralization escape variants of MERS-CoV . Interestingly , all five neutralizing mAbs have binding affinity to RBD , although most mAbs generated by RBD did not have neutralizing activity . Additionally , chimeric antibodies of RBD-14F8 and RBD-43E4 with human Fc and light chain showed neutralizing effect against wild type MERS-CoV KOR / KNIH / 002 , similar to the original mouse mAbs . Thus , our mAbs can be utilized for the identification of specific mutations of MERS-CoV .

Glycosylation may also affect the interaction of RBD with ACE2 . Among the 23 glycosylation sites on spike glycoprotein , two are in RBD ( Fig . 1 B ) . Glycosylation has been detected on one of these residues , Asn330 [ 6 ] . N330 corresponds to N343 in the spike glycoprotein of 2019 - nCoV and is a conserved glycosylation site . Since it is well separated from the RBD / ACE2 interaction interphase , glycosylation at this site is unlikely to interfere with the interaction [ 6 ] . It should be noted that another potential glycosylation site corresponding to N357 in SARS-CoV is not conserved in 2019 - nCoV because of substitution of T by A in the þ2 position . Lack of this glycosylation is not expected to affect the receptor binding .

To define the contribution of the variant amino acids to the RBD / ACE2 interaction , we compare the sequences of RBD from three other SARS-CoV-associated viruses ( Fig . 1 B ) . These include coronaviruses isolated from patients during a short , weak SARS outbreak in 2003e 2004 ( denoted SARSv here ) and from palm civets and bats , possible sources of SARS-CoV found in humans [ 8e 11 ] . Recombinant proteins containing RBD of these 3 viruses are all known to bind to human ACE2 [ 11 , 12 ] . In comparison with SARS-CoV ( responsible for the major SRAS outbreak during the 2002e 2003 ) , binding with SARSv and civet RBDs is substantially weaker [ 12 ] , while quantitative binding affinity with bat RBD has been not been determined [ 11 ] . Amino acid residues in the RBD / ACE2 binding interface plays a crucial role in determining the binding affinity . Among the 16 amino acid residues in RBD of SARS that are in contact with ACE2 , 14 , 14 , 7 , and 8 are shared by SARSv , civet , bat , and 2019 - nCoV , respectively ( Fig . 1 B ) . N479 found in both SARS viruses isolated from human patients is changed to K and R in civet and bat , respectively . An earlier study demonstrated that an N479 to K substitution resulted in significantly lower affinity ( 30 fold increase in Kd values ) [ 12 ] . Interestingly , this amino acid is substituted by a similar amino acid glutamine ( Q493 ) in 2019 - nCoV , which also contains an amide group but at an extended position , which can potentially carry out similar functions . In comparison with SARS-CoV , T487 is changed to asparagine ( N501 ) in 2019 - nCoV but alanine or serine in the other viruses . It has been shown that a T487 to S substitution increased Kd by 20 - fold , suggesting the methyl group rather than the hydroxyl group in this threonine residue is more important for the interaction [ 12 ] . It is hard to predict if N501 with an amide group can confer a better interaction . Hydrophobic amino acid L472 is also important for interaction between RBD and ACE2 . Interestingly , it is substituted by proline in SARSv and phenylalanine in 2019 - nCoV ( corresponding to F486 ) . L472 is located in a loop formed by disulfide bond C467 / C474 . Interestingly , this loop with CTPPALNC in SARS-CoV is replaced by CNGVEGFNC in 2019 - nCoV containing one extra amino acid residue and totally different amino acid compositions . The replacement of two proline residues by two flexible glycine residues converts a rigid structure to a very flexible one . Further examination of the deduced RBD / ACE2 complex structure reveals that this unique phenylalanine F486 in the flexible loop can penetrate deep into a hydrophobic pocket in ACE2 formed by F28 , L79 , Y83 , and L97 ( Fig . 2 F ) . The presence of two aromatic amino acids in the pocket may provide additional binding force via pstacking interactions [ 13 ] . Taken together , 2019 - nCoV likely has a stronger binding to ACE2 via its spike glycoprotein .

The genomic sequence of 2019 - nCoV as deposited by Wang et al . was downloaded from the GenBank database ( MN908947 . 3 ) . DNA and protein sequences were compared by using the BLAST program . Multiple sequence alignment was performed by using the Clustal Omega program . Three-dimensional structure was analyzed by using the Cn3D program from the NCBI . Protein structure simulation was performed by using Swiss-model based on the cocrystal structure of human ACE2 with the SARS-CoV spike glycoprotein RBD ( 6 , PDB ID 2 AJF ) . ACE2 and RDB interaction was analyzed by molecular docking using the PatchDock and FireDock programs .

Specific RBD-receptor binding determines if a cell or animal can be infected and also serves as a target for therapeutic inventions to treat diseases caused by coronaviruses . By binding directly to ACE2 on the surface of host cells , spike glycoprotein plays an essential role in virus infection . An obvious way to stop the virus infection is to block the RBD and ACE2 interaction . This can be achieved by using antibodies or small molecular inhibitors . Naturally , antibodies and inhibitors that can disrupt the interaction of RBD with ACE2 is of therapeutic importance . By using a molecular docking approach , an earlier study identified N- ( 2 - aminoethyl ) -1 aziridineethanamine as a novel ACE2 inhibitor that effectively blocks the SARS-CoV RBD-mediated cell fusion [ 24 ] . This has provided a potential candidate and lead compound for further therapeutic drug development . Meanwhile , biochemical and cell-based assays can be established to screen chemical compound libraries to identify novel inhibitors . On the other hand , many ACE inhibitors are currently used to treat hypertension and other cardiovascular diseases [ 25 ] . Among them are captopril , perindopril , ramipril , lisinopril , benazepril , and moexipril . Although these drugs primarily target ACE , a homolog of ACE2 with 42 % sequence identity and 61 % sequence similarity in the catalytic domain , they may be effective toward ACE2 as well [ 26 ] . It should be noted that ACE inhibitors bind to the catalytic center rather than RBD binding site . Nonetheless , these enzymatic inhibitors may indirectly alter conformation of the RBD binding site and thereby affect the interaction of ACE2 with RBD . It is certainly worthwhile to test these drugs for their ability to block the RBD / ACE2 interaction .

The exact mode of transmission for 2019 - nCoV has not been firmly established . SARS-CoV is thought to be transmitted by respiratory droplets produced when an infected person coughs or sneezes [ 19 ] . The respiratory droplets spread can occur only through direct person-to-person contact or at a close distance . Presumably , 2019 - nCoV can be transmitted through respiratory droplets . It may also be transmitted more effectively through the air over a long distance ( airborne spread ) or by other ways . Considering the predominant expression of ACE2 in intestines and kidney , 2019 - nCoV may infect cells in these tissues and find its way into feces and urine . This makes transmission through the fecal-oral route and bodyfluids ( urine ) possible . The presence of 2019 - nCoV in feces supports such a notion [ 20 ] .

Our results indicate that pDCs from MS patients are differentially activated compared to pDCs from healthy donors in response to single strand RNA mimicked by Resiquimod . Interestingly , mDCs from the same individuals and activated with the same stimulus behave similarly in MS and healthy donors . This could be explained by the downstream signaling activated by TLR-7 and TLR-8 in pDCs and mDCs , respectively [ 20 ] . Moreover , fast indirect signaling pathways could also influence pDC activation . However , these results suggest a potential differential induction of T cell immune response induced by pDCs in MS patients compared to healthy donors . For instance , it is known that a TLR-7 agonist induces lytic properties of pDCs via the tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand ( TRAIL ) , whose expression is directly correlated with individual viral loads in HIV + patients [ 21 ] . Similarly , pDCs express granzyme B , which mediates killing of CD4 T cell during viral infections like HIV [ 22 , 23 ] . Moreover , we reported that pDCs from MS patients stimulated with Resiquimod and co-cultured with naïve T cells significantly induce the secretion of IL-9 , a cytokine produced by a new Th profile called Th9 [ 18 ] . Interestingly , in a mouse model it has been demonstrated that OX40-L , a costimulatory molecule that we found highly expressed in pDCs from MS patients , contributes to IL-9 polarization [ 24 ] . Here , we found that recombinant OX40L induce and amplify IL-9 production by human T cells , indicating that the interaction OX40-OX40-L between pDCs and T cells in MS patients could be responsible of the IL-9 induction observed in MS patients . Other costimulatory molecules upregulated in pDCs from MS patients , such as HLA-DR and CD86 , are considered as the predominant molecules delivering " first and second signals " during T-cell activation [ 25 ] . Thus , our results indicate that OX40-L could be the crucial costimulatory molecule determining the fate of the immune response generated by pDCs . In fact , OX40 and OX40-L dictate the different type of effector ( protective or pathogenic ) T cells that accumulate in primary and secondary responses , as well as determine the frequency of memory T cells that are generated [ 26 ] . Ligation of OX40 can induce Tfh polarization [ 27 , 28 ] , an inflammatory Th2 response [ 29 ] , Th1 and Th2 [ 30 , 31 ] , Th9 [ 24 ] , Th17 [ 32 ] , and T regulatory cells [ 33 ] , depending on the context . Although OX40 + lymphocytes have been identified within active lesions of MS brain tissues [ 34 ] , the role of the OX40-OX40-L axis in MS is not elucidated .

Activation-induced pDCs can be differentiated in three subpopulations , recently identified on the basis of the expression of the immune-checkpoint molecules : CD80 and PDL-1 [ 19 ] . In particular P3 subpopulation expresses high amount of the costimulatory molecules , including CD80 , CD86 and OX40-L . In order to investigate whether unstimulated or Resiquimod-stimulated pDCs from MS patients were enriched in the P3 subpopulation , we measured the frequency of PDL-1 + CD80  ( P1 ) , PDL-1 + CD80 + ( P2 ) , and PDL-1  CD80 + ( P3 ) within PBMC in both healthy donors and MS patients . Although the ex-vivo expression of CD80 and PDL-1 on unstimulated pDCs is very low , the frequency of the P3 subpopulation is significantly higher than P1 and P2 ( Figure 4 a , b ) . However , the three subpopulations increase significantly upon stimulation with Resiquimod , in both healthy donors and MS patients ( Figure 4 a , b ) , as previously demonstrated [ 19 ] . Moreover , we observed that in healthy donors the frequencies of P1 and P3 are significantly higher compared to the P2 subpopulation , while in MS patients the frequency of P3 is significantly higher than P1 and P2 , whose frequencies are similar ( Figure 4 b ) . As expected , the evaluation of the median fluorescence intensity ( MFI ) of CD80 and PDL-1 reflects the frequency of the three pDC subpopulations . In fact , we found a significant induction of both markers on pDCs upon stimulation . However , no differences between healthy donors and MS patients were detected ( Figure 4 c ) .

Given the IL-9 induction by purified pDCs demonstrated in a previous study [ 18 ] , we hypothesized that OX40L overexpressed by pDCs from MS patients is involved in stimulating IL-9 by naïve CD4 T cells differentiated in Th cells . In order to test this hypothesis , we performed an experiment where we stimulated purified naïve CD4 T cells with different doses of recombinant OX40L ( Figure 3 a ) . Interestingly , high dose of OX40L induce IL-9 production , indicating that OX40L overexpression by pDCs of MS patients may contribute to the induction of a T helper 9 ( Th9 ) response . Moreover , recombinant OX40L further increases IL-9 production by Th9 cells obtained by stimulating naïve CD4 T cells with TGF-2 and IL-4 ( Figure 3 b ) .

Multiple sclerosis ( MS ) is an inflammatory , demyelinating disease of the central nervous system ( CNS ) , and is the most common neurological cause of debilitation in adults , with an incidence of 0.1 % . MS is currently believed to be an immune-mediated disorder where the immune response attacks the CNS and the pathology is directly mediated by autoantigen-specific T cells [ 1 ] . Cross-reactivity between nonself proteins , such as those from bacteria or viruses , and self proteins , termed molecular mimicry , has been proposed to be a possible mechanism for the onset of autoreactive T-cell responses [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] . In fact , the infectious etiology of MS has been suspected for a long time and by a large number of viruses : DNA viruses , such as the Epstein-Barr virus ( EBV ) and human herpesvirus 6 ( HHV-6 ) [ 5 ] , and RNA viruses , such as human endogenous retroviruses [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] , and the coronavirus [ 9 ] .

The adaptor protein GRB2 plays a critical role in coupling signal from growth factor receptors to MAPK / ERK signaling pathway . To address the question of hPIV3-C interference with this pathway , we used a trans-reporter gene assay that measures Elk1 activation by ERK1 / 2 . In this system , Elk1 transcription factor is fused to the DNA binding domain of Gal4 ( Gal4-DB ) and binds the promoter sequence of a luciferase reporter gene . Upon stimulation with a growth factor like EGF , Elk1 is activated as assessed by a significant increase in luciferase expression . Surprisingly , we observed a 6 - fold enhancement in this cellular response to EGF when 36 FLAG-tagged hPIV3-C was expressed in HEK-293T cells ( Figure 2 A ) . Same results were obtained when using hPIV3-C without a tag ( 14 - fold enhancement ) or tagged with the red fluorescent protein Cherry ( 7 - fold enhancement ) . In contrast to hPIV3-C , neither MV-C nor Nipah-C enhanced Elk1 activity upon EGF stimulation ( Figure 2 A ) whereas expression levels of hPIV3-C , MV-C and Nipah-C were similar in this system ( Figure 2 F , left panel ) . Elk1 activity was also enhanced by hPIV3-C expression in Vero and Hela cells as well as BEAS-2B and A549 , two epithelial cell lines that originate from the respiratory tract , which is the tissue targeted by hPIV3 in vivo ( Table 1 ) . The effect of hPIV3-C in these different cell lines was highly significant ( see p-values in Table 1 ) although relatively modest when compared to HEK-293T cells . This is probably because our reporter system requires the co-transfection of four plasmids and Vero , Hela , BEAS-2B and A549 cells are more difficult to transfect than HEK-293T . In parallel experiments , cellular response to IFN-a / b was monitored using a cis-reporter gene , of which expression is controlled by five ISREs . As previously reported [ 18 ] , we found that hPIV3-C efficiently blocked IFN-a / b signaling ( Figure 2 B ) as opposed to what we observed for the EGF pathway . Again , MV-C or Nipah-C was unable to do so . Altogether , these results show that hPIV3-C enhances the cellular response to EGF in addition to its ability to block IFN-a / b signaling .

hPIV3-C has opposite effects on IFN-a / b and EGF signaling pathways

Sections of formalin-fixed paraffin-embedded liver specimens from mice were stained with hematoxylin and eosin ( H & E ) or F4 / 80 ( MF48000 ; Thermo Fisher Scientific ) and MPO ( ab9535 ; Abcam ) antibodies for immunohistochemistry ( IHC ) . The fresh-frozen samples were stained with Oil Red O at the UMMS Diabetes and Endocrinology Research Center histology core facility .

Once activated , DCs may trigger autoreactive T cells , with subsequent trafficking of activated T cells to the CNS [ 11 ] . However , it is likely that during a viral infection , DCs may also activate a protective immune response aimed to clear the viruses from the periphery and from the brain . The response of DCs to activating signals is a critical issue in determining the inflammatory or regulatory role of the immune response .

For pair-wise comparisons of different conditions from the same donors or different donors , we used a non-parametric two-tailed paired or unpaired t-test , respectively . Data were presented as the mean ± standard error ( SEM ) . The p values ( p ) of 0.05 or less were considered statistically significant .

Peripheral blood mononuclear cells ( PBMC ) were isolated by Ficoll gradient centrifugation ( GE Healthcare , Little Chalfont , UK ) from whole blood . PBMCs were cultured at a density of 1 × 10 6 cells / mL in 24 - well plates ( Corning , New York City , NY , USA ) in RPMI 1640 with 10 % of Fetal Bovine Serum ( FBS ) , in the presence or absence of Resiquimod ( R848 ) ( Invivogen , San Diego , CA , USA ) ( 100 ng / mL ) for 6 hours at 37 " C . Then , cells were collected and stained with specific antibodies discriminating viable pDCs and mDCs and evaluating their expression of activation markers . After the isolation , the cells were stained with specific antibodies enabling to discriminate mDCs and pDCs .

Introduction : Cryptococcosis is a ubiquitous opportunistic fungal disease caused by Cryptococcus neoformans var . grubii . It has high global morbidity and mortality among HIV patients and none-HIV carriers with 99 % and 95 % respectively . Furthermore , the increasing prevalence of undesired toxicity profile of antifungal , multi-drug resistant organism , and the scarcity of FDA authorized vaccines , where the hallmark in the present days . This study was undertaken to design a reliable multi-epitope peptide vaccine against highly conserved immunodominant heat shock 70 KDa protein of Cryptococcus neoformans var . grubii that covers a considerable digit of the world population through implementing computational vaccinology approach . / nMaterials and Methods : A total of 38 Sequences of Cryptococcus neoformans var . grubii 's heat shock 70 KDa protein were retrieved from NCBI protein database . Different prediction tools were used to analyze the aforementioned protein at Immune Epitope Database ( IEDB ) to discriminate the most promising Tcell and B-cell epitopes . Then the proposed epitopes were subjected to Population coverage analysis tool to compute global population 's coverage . Finally , the projected epitopes were ranked based on their scores and binding modes through using Moe 2007 program . / nKeywords : Multi-epitope peptide vaccine , Computational vaccinology , Cryptococcus neoformans var . grubii , Cryptococcosis , in silico vaccine , Heat shock 70 KDa protein ( Hsp70 ) .

Recombinase polymerase amplification ( RPA ) is an isothermal gene amplification technique that has been demonstrated to be a rapid , specific , sensitive , and cost-effective molecular method to identify pathogens [ 10 , 11 ] . As with PCR , the use of two opposing primers allows exponential amplification of the target sequence in RPA , but the latter is tolerant to 5 - 9 mismatches in primer and probe showing no influence on the performance of the assay [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] . It is thought that RPA possesses superiority in speed , portability and accessibility over PCR [ 15 ] . Indeed , RPA has recently been explored to replace PCR for the molecular detection of diverse pathogens with different detection strategies , e.g. , bacteria , fungi , parasites and viruses [ 13 , [ 15 ] [ 16 ] [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ] [ 20 ] [ 21 ] . In this study , the development of a real-time RT-RPA assay for simple , rapid , portable and POC detection of CDV was described . The fluorescence in the assay is produced by an exo probe which is detected with a portable , user-friendly tube scanner ( Genie III , OptiGene Limited , West Sussex , United Kingdom ) . The Genie III used in the study weighs only 1.75 kg , measuring 25 cm × 16.5 cm × 8.5 cm , and incorporates a rechargeable battery that can support operation for a whole day , making it suitable for pointof-care testing .

Canine distemper , caused by canine distemper virus ( CDV ) , is a highly contagious and fatal systemic disease found worldwide not only in dogs and many other carnivores but also in some non-carnivores [ 1 ] . CDV is a nonsegmented , negative-stranded , enveloped RNA virus that belongs to the family Paramyxoviridae and the genus Morbillivirus , and is one of the most lethal infectious agents in both susceptible free-living and captive carnivores [ 2 ] . CDV-infected dogs may develop respiratory , gastrointestinal , dermatologic , ophthalmic or neurological disorders , that appear simultaneously or sequentially [ 3 , 4 ] . The broad spectrum of clinical signs , not dissimilar from the signs observed in other respiratory and enteric diseases of dogs , hampers accurate and early clinical diagnosis of canine distemper [ 5 ] . Therefore , rapid and accurate diagnosis of CDV infection would enable veterinarians to implement appropriate strategies in time to improve disease management and prevent outbreaks , particularly within a shelter environment .

Background : Canine distemper , caused by Canine distemper virus ( CDV ) , is a highly contagious and fatal systemic disease in free-living and captive carnivores worldwide . Recombinase polymerase amplification ( RPA ) , as an isothermal gene amplification technique , has been explored for the molecular detection of diverse pathogens . / nMethods : A real-time reverse transcription RPA ( RT-RPA ) assay for the detection of canine distemper virus ( CDV ) using primers and exo probe targeting the CDV nucleocapsid protein gene was developed . A series of other viruses were tested by the RT-RPA . Thirty-two field samples were further tested by RT-RPA , and the resuts were compared with those obtained by the real-time RT-PCR . Results : The RT-RPA assay was performed successfully at 40 ° C , and the results were obtained within 3 min-12 min . The assay could detect CDV , but did not show cross-detection of canine parvovirus-2 ( CPV-2 ) , canine coronavirus ( CCoV ) , canine parainfluenza virus ( CPIV ) , pseudorabies virus ( PRV ) or Newcastle disease virus ( NDV ) , demonstrating high specificity . The analytical sensitivity of RT-RPA was 31.8 copies in vitro transcribed CDV RNA , which is 10 times lower than the real-time RT-PCR . The assay performance was validated by testing 32 field samples and compared to real-time RT-PCR . The results indicated an excellent correlation between RT-RPA and a reference real-time RT-PCR method . Both assays provided the same results , and R 2 value of the positive results was 0.947 . / nThe results demonstrated that the RT-RPA assay offers an alternative tool for simple , rapid , and reliable detection of CDV both in the laboratory and point-of-care facility , especially in the resource-limited settings .

There are also differences in virulence between strains , for example T36 isolates can readily infect C . maxima cv . " Red Shaddock " pummelo , yet members of the VT and T30 strains take much longer to produce a detectable infection ; suggesting a form of resistance in this cultivar ( Hilf , 2005 ) . Differential reactions to CTV strains have also been observed in P . trifoliata ( Harper et al . , 2010 ) and C . maxima ( Garnsey et al . , 1996 ) suggesting that host-specificity has contributed to the diversity of strains observed today . Furthermore , it may be proposed that resistance genes have contributed to the emergence of the resistance-breaking or " RB " strain of CTV that can systemically infect P . trifoliata ( Harper et al . , 2010 ) , where the resistant host provides a refuge free of competition from other strains , and a potential reservoir of inoculum to spread to other trees . This is most clearly illustrated with soybean in which three resistance loci against Soybean mosaic virus ( SMV ) exist in different cultivars ( Chowda-Reddy et al . , 2011 ) , which has led to the evolution of specific strains capable of overcoming a single loci , yet no " super strain " has emerged capable of overcoming all loci at once , as this requires multiple concerted mutation of the CI , HcPro , and P3 genes ( Chowda-Reddy et al . , 2011 ) . Similar limitations in citrus hosts likely account for no characterized strain being capable of infecting all potential hosts equally .

The host range of CTV is limited to members of the Rutaceae , with the exception of few non-Rutaceous Passiflora species ( Moreno et al . , 2008 ) . All species of the genus Citrus , including the commercially important sweet and sour oranges , limes , grapefruit , lemons , and mandarins are susceptible to CTV to some degree ( Muller and Garnsey , 1984 ; Moreno et al . , 2008 ) , as are members of the related genera Microcitrus , Clausena , Eremocitrus , Aegle , Aeglopsis , Afraegle , Citropsis , Severinia , Swinglea , and Atalantia ( Muller and Garnsey , 1984 ; Yoshida , 1996 ) , although the last three demonstrate some degree of resistance to the virus ( Muller and Garnsey , 1984 ; Garnsey et al . , 1987 ; Mestre et al . , 1997 ) , as do Fortunella crassifolia and Poncirus trifoliata ( Mestre et al . , 1997 ) . Such a range of host species creates a bewildering array of potential selective factors , peaks , and valleys across the landscape . Each species will differ to some degree in physiology , gene expression , metabolism , and antiviral defenses , and an isolate at an adaptive peak in one host may be less fit in another . For example , CTV isolate T36 has been shown , through use of a GFP-expressing clone , to readily infect C . macrophylla , yet have a decreasing gradient of cells infected in C . sinensis and C . paradisi , to a few scattered cells in C . aurantii ( Folimonova et al . , 2008 ) , which would suggest that T36 has a minimum capacity for replication and movement in C . aurantii . Curiously , it has also been found that different combinations of three genes , p33 , p13 , and p18 , are dispensable for infection of C . macrophylla , C . aurantifolia , C . sinensis , C . paradisi , C . micrantha , C . latifolia , and C . medica by a T36 clone ( Tatineni et al . , 2011 ) , while C . aurantii requires the genome to be intact , suggesting that each host species exhibits variable selective pressure on different regions of the CTV genome .

Recombination is a significant factor in CTV evolution ( Martin et al . , 2009 ) , producing variants with potentially different properties to the parental isolates ( Sztuba-Solinska et al . , 2011 ) , and as mentioned earlier , allowing a shift of evolutionary trajectory . To continue the adaptive landscape metaphor , recombination allows a population to leap from fitness peak to peak if selectively favored , but if not it can be akin to jumping off a cliff , leading to extinction of that genotype . Recombinants have long been known to be a factor in the emergence of new CTV strains ; one of the earliest genomes to be sequenced , SY568 from California ( Yang et al . , 1999 ) is a known recombinant , from a mixed population ( Vives et al . , 1999 ( Vives et al . , , 2005 , as are B165 , Kpg3 ( Biswas et al . , 2012 ) , all members of the RB ( Harper et al . , 2010 ; this study ) , and T68 genotypes ( this study ) . Recombinants readily occur in mixed infections of CTV strains ( Rubio et al . , 2001 ; Scott et al . , 2013 ) , which raises the question of why , if recombination can repair defective sequences ( Rao and Hall , 1993 ; Borja et al . , 1999 ) , and allow a rapid change in fitness ( Sztuba-Solinska et al . , 2011 ) and evolutionary trajectory , recombinants are not found between all CTV strains , and in all regions ?

First , we must consider whether there was either a single , common ancestral proto-CTV sequence that has diversified , or whether there were multiple introductions of a proto-closterovirus into citrus . Evidence for the latter is subject to conjecture as only the 5 half of the genome supports this hypothesis , due to the conservation of sequence in the 3 half of the genome ( Mawassi et al . , 1996 ; Hilf et al . , 1999 ) . It has been proposed that this asymmetry results from the recombination between a proto-CTV isolate and an unknown closterovirus ( Karasev , 2000 ) , which is plausible as recombination between different virus species or families has been observed in both animal ( Maori et al . , 2007 ; Davidson and Silva , 2008 ) and plant viruses ( Fernandez-Cuartero et al . , 1994 ; Tan et al . , 2004 ; Tiendrebeogo et al . , 2012 ) , and is particularly common amongst luteoviridis ( Gibbs and Cooper , 1995 ; Smith et al . , 2000 ) . Recombination , particularly between species , allows a distinct shift in evolutionary trajectory ( Sztuba-Solinska et al . , 2011 ) , moving the sequence across the adaptive landscape . Such shifts can not occur by stepwise mutation alone , unless the selective constraints are relaxed , for stabilizing selection will tend to keep a population grouped around an adaptive peak , where any nonneutral mutant is likely to have lower fitness , and to shift between peaks will require multiple mutations to pass through a " valley " of lower fitness ( Wright , 1988 ; Pigliucci , 2008 ) , a cost avoided by recombination .

The replacement of the 5 or 3 half of the genome also occurs , most notably in the unclassified isolate HA16-5 which possesses a complete 3 replacement , introducing an RB , or more specifically HA18-9 fragment , on to the end of a T68-like ORF1 , while NZ-M16 , a T3-like isolate has a VT-like complete 3 replacement . All members of the T68 strain possess a complete 3 replacement with a VT-like isolate that is likely the result of a single ancestral event , as it is largely conserved between T68-like isolates with an average 98.3 % nucleotide identity .

Recombination is a major factor in the evolution of the recognized CTV strains as indicated by the NN analysis ( Figure 2 ) . Analysis of the extant genome sequences in this study using RDP found that nearly every isolate contained trace evidence of recombination either within or between strains , although these events were weakly supported and identified by less than four models , or the parental sequences could not be identified . Recombination events supported by four or more models , with acceptable p-values ( p < 0.01 ) , were identified in members of four strains , RB , VT , T3 , and T68 as well as the potentially novel strain HA16-5 ( Table 7 ) , and can be classified into two major groupings : the insertion of fragments within an ORF , or the complete replacement of the 3 or 5 half the genome at a point within or between the ORF1b and p33 ORFs ( Figure 4 ) . The former includes both inter-and intra-strain recombination , for example members of the RB all retain an ancestral recombination event , the partial replacement of the p65 ORF from a VT-like isolate , while three isolates also have undergone subsequent recombination events , with NZRB-M17 and TH30 of the RB strain acquiring T36-like segments at the beginning of ORF1a , while HA18-9 has acquired a VT-like segment between the partial p27 through partial p13 ORFs ( Table 7 ; Figure 4 ) . Three of the four T68 isolates have acquired VT-like fragments in ORF1a , although interestingly while isolates B165 and NZ-B18 possess the western VT-like insertions , isolate CT14A maintains a longer < 5 kb fragment that shares higher identity to Asian VT-like isolates of 97.3 versus 94.7 % to the western VT isolates . The VT-like isolates by contrast show only two events of inter-strain recombination , with a T30-like insertion in ORF1a between bases 4368 and 5695 , and repeated T3-like insertions in the 3 half of isolate Kpg3 ( Figure 4 ) . Finally , isolate AT-1 , an Asian VT-like isolate maintains an insertion of approximately 3.1 kb that shares higher identity with western VT isolates ; it can not be discounted that this is the result of conservation of an ancestral proto-VT sequence rather than recombination .

Population coverage test was performed to compute the world coverage of epitopes that bind to separate MHC-I alleles , MHC-II alleles for each , and combined MHC-I and MHC-II . In addition to , to sort out the most predominant promising epitopes for each coverage mode through IEDB population coverage analysis tool .

The protein length was found to be 773 amino acids . MW , and pI parameters were calculated as 85.69 KDa and 5.12 , respectively . The pI value indicates that the protein is acidic in nature . The total numbers of negatively and positively charged residues were 124 and 98 , correspondingly . Extinction coefficient of protein at 280 nm was measured 67520 M -1 cm -1 in water . The half-life of vaccine was predicted to be 30 hours in ( mammalian reticulocytes , in vitro ) , > 20 hours in ( yeast , in vivo ) and > 10 hours in ( Escherichia coli , in vivo ) . The Instability index was computed to be 35.99 , which indicates the thermostability . The aliphatic index and the GRAVY value of vaccine were determined 85.80 and ( -0.416 ) , respectively . The high aliphatic index shows that the protein is stable in a wide range of temperatures , and the negative GRAVY value shows protein hydrophilicity and a better interaction with the surrounding water molecules . The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . It . https://doi.org/10.1101/534008 doi : bioRxiv preprint Figure 15 . The graph shows the Hydrophobicity scale of heat shock 70 KDa protein using ProtScale server .

. CC-BY-ND 4.0 International license is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . It . https://doi.org/10.1101/534008 doi : bioRxiv preprint Figure 10 . Structural location of FYRQGAFEL as a promising MHC-II epitope , with massive population coverage , within the 3 D structure of C . neoformans 's heat shock 70 KDa protein using UCSF chimera 1.13 . 1 software . The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . It . https://doi.org/10.1101/534008 doi : bioRxiv preprint Figure 13 . Structural location of FFGGKVLNF as a promising MHC-II epitope , with massive population coverage , within the 3 D structure of C . neoformans 's heat shock 70 KDa protein using UCSF chimera 1.13 . 1 software .

Molecular docking was performed using Moe 2007 ( 175 ) , the 3 D structures of the promiscuous epitopes were predicted by PEP-FOLD ( 176 ) ( 177 ) ( 178 ) ( 179 ) . HLA-C * 12 : 03 , HLA-DRB1 * 01 : 01 and Immunoglobulin G were chosen as a model for molecular docking to predict the strength of association between the binding site and promiscuous epitopes . The crystal structure of the models were downloaded in a PDB format from the RCSB PDB resource . However , the selected crystal structures were in a complex form with ligands . Thus , to simplify the complex structure all water molecules , hetero groups and ligands were removed by Discovery Studio Visualizer 2.5 ( 180 ) . Partial charge and energy minimization were applied for ligands and targets . In terms of the identification of the binding groove , the potential binding sites in the crystal structure were recognized using the Alpha Site Finder . Finally , ten independent docking runs were carried out for each Peptide and results were retrieved as binding energies . Best poses for each epitope that displayed lowest binding energies were visualized using UCSF chimera 1.13 . 1 software ( 164 - 174 ) .

The main purpose of vaccination is to induce an immune response after injecting the vaccine into the body . Therefore , it is essential to define the physical and chemical parameters associated with the vaccine . The physicochemical properties of Heat shock 70 KDa protein was analyzed using BioEdit sequence alignment editor software Version 7.2 . 5 , and Expasy server ( ProtScale and Protparam ) ( 129 , 159 ) .

In terms of analysis of MHC-II epitope , the selected candidates were assessed by the IEDB MHC-II prediction tool at ( http://tools.iedb.org/mhcii/ ) on 14 th September 2018 . Unlike MHC-I , MHC-II has a flexible pocket , therefore accommodates peptides of varying lengths , typically 12 to 26 mer . Regarding binding groove in MHC class II molecules , there are series of polymorphic pockets and plateaus that interact with several side chains of the peptide core sequence , providing the specificity of the MHC-peptide interaction . The consensus sequence of the peptides is set to be 9 mer ( 154 ) . For MHC-II binding affinity profile , the most frequent human allele references set were used . NN-algin was chosen as Prediction method as it depends on the median inhibitory concentration ( IC50 ) ( 155 ) . Finally , all Conserved Immunodominant peptides at score equal or less than 100 median inhibitory concentration ( IC50 ) were selected for further mapping analysis whereas epitopes with IC50 greater than 100 were dismissed ( 156 ) .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint .

which perfectly satisfies ( 2.16 ) while at the same time provides no information on whether the actual values of E 1 ( t ) and1 ⁄ 4 1 ( t ) are close to each other . To summarize , when the size of epidemic outbreak is NOT comparable to N , the stochastic model possesses intrinsic randomness , and may not be well approximated by a deterministic ODE in any non-degenerate sense . The parameters and initial values of the proposed stochastic model can be estimated based on a simplified model in Figure 2 . Here the stage D is removed as fatality rate is extremely low in all the selected regions . The populations of IH ( t ) , R H ( t ) can be observed directly from the collected data , that is , the number of existing confirmed cases and reported recoveries at time t respectively , while , the remaining states are latent , namely not observable . Among the latent states , the initial value S ( 0 ) can be approximated by 11 . CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author / funder , who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint .

PRRSV activates the transcription of type I interferon in porcine alveolar macrophages , peripheral blood mononuclear cells , and monocyte-derived dendritic cells . However , PRRSV interferes with the translation of type I interferon in these cells partly through cytopathogenicity since UV and heat-inactivated viruses lose their ability to interfere with the induction of type I interferon by porcine transmissible gastroenteritis virus or Poly I : C . Further studies are needed to delineate the exact mechanisms by which PRRSV interferes with the translation of type I interferon in its natural host cells .

In 2004 , Lee et al . first described the discrepancy between interferon-a mRNA level and interferon-a protein production in PRRSV-infected porcine alveolar macrophages [ 20 ] . They suggested that a post-transcriptional regulatory mechanism contributed to the inhibition of interferon-a production . We have observed the same phenomenon in PRRSV-infected porcine monocyte-derived dendritic cells [ 32 ] . Despite the transient and abundant interferon-a and b mRNA molecules , very little or no interferon-a protein was detected in either cell lysates or supernatants of PRRSV-infected cells at different time points after virus infection , indicating a post-transcriptional control of type I interferon induction . Currently , very little is known about the translational control of type I interferon production by PRRSV . PRRSV inhibits the PI3K-dependent Akt ( PI3K / Akt ) pathway during late infection [ 33 ] , which makes the translation repressor , 4E - BP1 , hyperactive and reduces global protein synthesis . Interestingly , a recent study has demonstrated that PI3K / Akt inhibition can also lead to the phosphorylation of eIF-2 ± to inhibit cellular translation [ 34 ] . We have indeed observed increased phosphorylation of eIF-2 ± in PRRSV-infected porcine Mo-DC during late infection ( unpublished observation ) . Thus , it is possible that the translation of IFN- ± is reduced partly by PI3K / Akt inhibition . However , it is more likely that PRRSV has employed multiple strategies to inhibit cellular protein synthesis as a simple way to evade the host defenses , which may also contribute to the inhibited type I interferon induction . In response to some virus infections , host dsRNA-activated protein kinase ( PKR ) phosphorylates eIF-2 ± to inhibit both cellular and viral translation [ 35 , 36 , 37 ] . PRRSV replication is known to trigger the stress-activated proteins kinases to modulate cytokine production in porcine alveolar macrophages [ 38 ] . It has also been demonstrated that cleavage of the eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4 G ( eIF4G ) by either viral proteases or cellular proteases such as caspase 3 activated during apoptosis can result in rapid block of cellular protein synthesis [ 39 , 40 , 41 , 42 ] . Furthermore , poly ( A ) tail elongation mediated by viruses may repress the efficient translation of type I interferon [ 43 ] .

To further elucidate the molecular mechanisms by which PRRSV inhibits the induction of interferon-b transcription in MARC-145 cells , Luo et al . examined the role of several key molecules in mediating the transcriptional activation of interferon-b [ 26 ] . They reported that PRRSV interferes with the nuclear translocalization of IRF-3 by inactivating IPS-1 , a downstream molecule of the RIG-I pathway [ 26 ] . Studies by Beura et al . , suggested that the nonstructural proteins of PRRSV , including Nsp1 , Nsp2 , Nsp11 and Nsp4 , when over-expressed in cell culture alone have the ability to antagonize the nuclear translocation of IRF-3 and the promoter activity of interferon-b activated by Poly I : C and Sendai virus [ 27 ] . Similar studies have to some degree confirmed that over-expressed Nsp1 and Nsp2 of PRRSV in cell culture antagonize the promoter activity of interferon-b as determined by using the luciferase reporter gene expression system [ 15 , 28 , 29 , 30 ] . Sun et al . provided a detailed review on the role of PRRSV nonstructural and structural proteins in modulating the transcriptional activation of type I interferon in MARC-145 cells and human cell culture system including HeLa cells and 293 T cells [ 12 ] . Despite the ease and convenience of using the luciferase reporter system to dissect the role of over-expressed viral proteins in regulating the transcription of interferon-b , such results are often contradictory to the authentic virus infection of natural susceptible cells in vitro and in vivo [ 10 , 16 , 31 ] . Therefore , the implication of such results in natural virus infection is uncertain .

To mimic the RV144 vaccine regimen , we have designed a DNA prime and protein boost vaccine regimen . However , we also applied the immunofocusing strategy by adding final boosts with gp70-V1V2 , consisting of V1V2 region in gp120 , after pEnv prime / gp120 boosts , in anticipation of enhancing V1V2-IgG and ADCC responses , as well as reducing Env-IgA response . Indeed , we found that the levels of V1V2-IgG response and ADCC effect in the pEnv + gp120 + gp70-V1V2 group were significantly higher compared with pEnv + gp120 , while the level of Env-IgA response in the pEnv + gp120 + gp70-V1V2 group was significantly lower than that in the pEnv + gp120 group . The immunofocusing strategy may promote the production of V1V2-IgG that can recognize and bind to V1V2 region with native conformation in the HIV-1 Env on HIV-1-infected cells , thus mediating the ADCC effect to kill these infected cells . These results suggest that the immunofocusing strategy is very helpful for designing a vaccine regimen by maintaining the fragment ( s ) in the immunogen containing the critical epitope ( s ) that elicit ( s ) protective immune responses , while excluding the fragment ( s ) containing the epitope ( s ) that induce ( s ) non-protective or harmful immune response but without sacrificing domain integrity and stability . Therefore , we prospect that this immunofocusing strategy may also be used to improve the RV144 HIV vaccine regimen , that is , addition of a final boost with gp70-V1V2 or similar recombinant protein containing V1V2 region in gp120 , and that this improved RV144 HIV vaccine regimen may induce enhanced protective immune responses and reduced harmful immune response in the volunteers participating in the South Africa HVTN 702 clinical trials , which is based on the RV144 vaccine regimen . 4

At the same time , we also used flow cytometry to test the sera of each group for the binding of Env-IgA to HIV-1-infected cells . As shown in Figure 1E , Env-IgA from the gp120 prime / gp120 boost group and that from the gp70-V1V2 prime / gp70-V1V2 boost group displayed the highest and lowest levels of binding to HIV-1infected cells , respectively . This result suggests that the epitopes that elicit Env-IgA are located in gp120 outside the V1V2 region . Interestingly , the Env-IgA from the pEnv prime / gp120 boost / gp70-V1V2 boost group exhibited significantly lower level of binding to HIV-1-infected cells than that from the pEnv prime / gp120 boost group ( Po0 . 05 ) , suggesting that gp70-V1V2 in the vaccine regimen may have a suppressive effect on Env-or gp120-induced Env-IgA response .

Two groups of New Zealand rabbits ( n = 3 , 6 - 8 weeks of age , 2 kg ) were intradermally immunized with the following vaccine regimens , respectively ( Figure 1 A ) : ( 1 ) Prime three times with a plasmid encoding HIV-1 JRFL Env with gp41 cytoplasmic domain truncated ( pEnv ) and boost twice with gp120 , as well as boost twice with gp70-V1V2 of the HIV-1 JRFL ( pEnv + gp120 + gp70-V1V2 ) . Both gp120 and gp70-V1V2 , which were expressed in 293 T cells , were obtained from Jiangsu Haiyuan Company , Taizhou , China . ( 2 ) Prime three times with pEnv and boost four times with gp120 ( pEnv + gp120 ) . The gp70-V1V2 is mainly composed of V1V2 region ( residues 157 - 196 , according to HXB2 sequence number ) in gp120 and sequences at the two ends that can form a scaffold structure to stabilize its conformation , which has been clinically used to detect antibodies against V1V2 . 5 , 8 Four additional groups of New Zealand rabbits were intradermally immunized with the following vaccine regimens , respectively , as controls : ( 1 ) prime three times with pEnv and boost four times with gp70-V1V2 ( pEnv + gp70-V1V2 ) ; ( 2 ) prime once and boost four times with gp120 ( gp120 ) ; ( 3 ) prime once and boost four times with gp70-V1V2 ( gp70-V1V2 ) , and ( 4 ) prime once and boost four times with phosphate-buffered saline ( PBS ) ( Figure 1 A ) .

this immunofocusing strategy to design a DNA prime / protein boost vaccine regimen . To induce immune response focusing on V1V2 region in gp120 , additional boosts with gp70-V1V2 that contains the V1V2 region was applied after the primes with HIV-1 Env-coding DNA ( pEnv ) and boosts with HIV-1 gp120 ( Figure 1 A ) .

Pertussis is a major cause of morbidity worldwide and of mortality in infants in developing countries . Pertussis continues as a public health concern threat given its re-emergence despite high vaccination coverage [ 2 ] . Epidemic cycles reoccur every 2 to 5 years and 2015 has witnessed the worst outbreak in the past 70 years [ 3 ] .

The questionnaire indicated that infants with B . pertussis alone were younger than infants with coinfections ( p = 0.044 by Mann-Whitney test ) . Questionnaire answers also showed that infants with B . pertussis alone were less often breastfeed at admission than infants with coinfections ( p = 0.048 by Ç-square test ) and for a shorter time ( p = 0.004 by Mann-Whitney test ) . Finally , infants with coinfections more frequently had a higher number of cohabitants though not significantly ( p = 0.076 by Ç-square test ) .

. CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author / funder , who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity .

In comparison , the model of Tang et al . ( 2020 ) ( hereafter abbreviated as T . model ) failed to consider the infectivity of the incubative virus carriers ( E ) . What 's more , T . model assumed quarantine measures will complete at the moment of contact . It is not completely physical since there should always be a time lag between the transition and the medical tracking .

Strains were grown in CM lacking the appropriate amino acids in order to retain the 824 relevant plasmids . For co-immunoprecipitations involving L-A Gag-V5 and Xrn1p-HA , 50 825 mL cultures ( CM - tryptophan - leucine , 2 % raffinose ) were used to inoculate 500 mL 826 cultures ( CM - tryptophan - leucine , 2 % galactose ) at OD600 ~ 0.1 . Cells were harvested 827 All rights reserved . No reuse allowed without permission .

We assayed Ty1 retrotransposition in S . cerevisiae xrn1D , using the previously 728 described Ty1 retrotransposition reporter system [ 89 ] , and confirmed that XRN1 deletion 729 causes a dramatic reduction in Ty1 retrotransposition ( ~ 50 - fold ) [ 35 ] . To test the effect of 730 All rights reserved . No reuse allowed without permission .

The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . . https://doi.org/10.1101/069799 doi : bioRxiv preprint assembled plasmids selected for by growth on complete medium ( CM ) - leucine . The 657 XRN1 open reading frame ( HA-tagged and untagged ) from S . mikatae , S . bayanus , or S .

The literature suggests that Xrn1p is a widely-utilized restriction factor against 564 viruses , as it has been reported to have activity against mammalian viruses [ 9,16 ] , yeast 565 viruses [ 8 , 24 ] , and plant viruses [ 53 ] . The potent 5 ' -3 ' exonuclease activity of Xrn1p has 566 resulted in viruses developing a rich diversity of strategies to protect their RNAs . For 567 instance , Hepatitis C virus recruits MiR-122 and Ago2 to its 5 ' UTR to protect its RNA 568 genome from Xrn1p degradation [ 7 , 16 ] . The yeast single-stranded RNA narnavirus uses 569 a different strategy to protect its 5 ' terminus , folding its RNA to form a stem-loop 570 structure that prevents Xrn1p degradation [ 8 ] . In some cases , viruses even depend on 571 Xrn1p to digest viral RNA in a way that benefits viral replication , for example , preventing proteins that initiate endonucleolytic cleavage of host mRNAs , revealing exposed 5 ' 578 monophosphates that are substrates for Xrn1p degradation . This is thought to interfere 579 All rights reserved . No reuse allowed without permission .

Xrn1p was expressed at the lowest levels ( Fig 7 D ) . This is in contrast to XRN1 from S . 520 mikatae ( n = 9 ) and S . bayanus ( n = 8 ) that only showed a 13 % increase or 15 % 521 decrease in SkV-L-A1 RNAs , respectively . S . cerevisiae XRN1 was able to reduce SkV-522 L-A1 RNAs by 27 % and is noteworthy due to the close evolutionary relationship between 523 SkV-L-A1 and other L-A-like viruses from S . cerevisiae ( Fig S6 ) . These data suggest 524 that Xrn1p is a species-specific restriction factor in different Saccharomyces yeasts , and 525 that coevolution of totiviruses and yeasts has specifically tailored the potency of Xrn1p to 526 control the replication of resident viruses within the same species . 527 528 All rights reserved . No reuse allowed without permission .

We next wished to test our findings against other related yeast viruses . Indeed , 451 the S . cerevisiae totivirus L-A-lus has been shown to have limited susceptibility to XRN1 452 from a different strain of S . cerevisiae [ 28 ] . We also wanted to test viruses of other residue required for cap-snatching ( H154 ) , a -1 frameshift region , packaging signal , and in S . cerevisiae ( Fig 3 ) . We did not observe any virus curing by any orthologs of Xrn1p , 506 but believe that this could be because the high-copy plasmids that we used in this 507 experiment in S . cerevisiae are unable to drive Xrn1p expression in S . kudriavzevii high 508 enough to actually cure the virus . However , we have observed previously that Xrn1p can 509 reduce the abundance of totivirus RNAs ( Fig 2 A ) , so we further analyzed the XRN1-510 transformed clones of S . kudriavzevii for changes in SkV-L-A1 RNA levels using reverse 511 transcriptase quantitative PCR ( RT-qPCR ) . Total RNA was extracted from clones of S .

kudriavzevii Xrn1p ( Fig S3 ) . For this reason , we focused further chimeric analysis on the 390 region encompassing the D1-D3 domains ( Fig 5 A-C ) , as defined previously [ 59 ] . We 391 swapped into S . kudriavzevii Xrn1p the D2-D3 , D1 , or D1-D3 domains of S . cerevisiae 392 Xrn1p , and saw increasing rescue of the ability to cure the L-A virus ( Fig 5 D ) . All 393 chimeric XRN1 genes were functionally equivalent with respect to their cellular functions , 394 as all were able to establish normal growth and benomyl resistance in S . cerevisiae 395 xrn1D ( Fig S4 ) . Therefore , the species-specificity domain maps predominantly to D1 , 396 with contribution from the neighboring D2 and D3 domains as well . Together , our data 397 suggest that the exonuclease activity of Xrn1p is important for virus restriction and is 398 preserved across species , but that evolution has tailored a novel virus interaction The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . . https://doi.org/10.1101/069799 doi : bioRxiv preprint encoded L-A Gag was immunoprecipitated in the presence of Xrn1p-HA from 443 either S . cerevisiae or S . kudriavzevii using beads with ( + Ig ) or without ( - Ig ) anti-444 Gag antibody present . Adh1p was used in all panels as a loading control to 445 ensure equal input of total protein and the specificity of immunoprecipitation .

Lassa fever virus ( LASV ) causes acute viral haemorrhagic fever with symptoms similar to those seen with Ebola virus infections . LASV is endemic to West Africa and is transmitted through contact with excretions of infected Mastomys natalensis rodents and other rodent species . Due to a high fatality rate , lack of treatment options and difficulties with prevention and control , LASV is one of the high-priority pathogens included in the WHO R & D Blueprint . The WHO LASV vaccine strategy relies on availability of effective diagnostic tests . Current diagnostics for LASV include in-house and commercial ( primarily research-only ) laboratory-based serological and nucleic acid amplification tests . There are two commercially available ( for research use only ) rapid diagnostic tests ( RDTs ) , and a number of multiplex panels for differential detection of LASV infection from other endemic diseases with similar symptoms have been evaluated . However , a number of diagnostic gaps remain . Lineage detection is a challenge due to the genomic diversity of LASV , as pan-lineage sensitivity for both molecular and immunological detection is necessary for surveillance and outbreak response . While pan-lineage ELISA and RDTs are commercially available ( for research use only ) , validation and external quality assessment ( EQA ) is needed to confirm detection sensitivity for all known or relevant strains . Variable sensitivity of LASV PCR tests also highlights the need for improved validation and EQA . Given that LASV outbreaks typically occur in low-resource settings , more options for point-of-care testing would be valuable . These requirements should be taken into account in target product profiles for improved LASV diagnostics .

The HI test was performed as previously described , 18 with some modifications . The sera were treated with 20 % kaolin suspension and 0 Á5 % rooster red blood cell ( RBC ) suspension to remove non-specific inhibitors and natural serum agglutinins . The initial serum dilution was 1 : 20 using PBS ; then , each sample was diluted twofold to a final dilution of 1 : 640 in 96 - well V-bottom plates . The HI antibody titer of each sample was determined as the reciprocal of the highest dilution in which no hemagglutination was observed . Samples with an HI titer e40 were considered to be positive . Titers were classified as follows : d20 , negative ; 40 - 80 , low ; 160 - 320 , medium ; and e640 , high . Values were expressed by mean log 2 antibody titers . Means log 2 antibody titers are equivalent to HI titers : 4 Á32 = 20 ; 5 Á32 = 40 ; 6 Á32 = 80 ; 7 Á32 = 160 ; 8 Á32 = 320 ; and 9 Á32 = 640 . A herd was considered positive when at least one of the animals was seropositive .

Some Brazilian studies have also detected anti-influenza antibodies at pig farms . A seroprevalence study of a farm in São Paulo found a prevalence of 85 Á3 % for both H1N1 and H3N2 viruses ; 11 however , rates of 2 Á2 % and 16 Á3 % , respectively , were found for the same viruses in a study of several Brazilian states . 10 In another study , a prevalence of 20 Á1 % was reported for the H3N2 virus in a herd in Paran a state . 13 Although the prevalences in these Brazilian studies were related to human viruses , our rates were not similar . In 2009 , a seroprevalence study investigated the prevalence of anti-swine influenza virus antibodies in sows from 17 farrow-to-finish farms in Minas Gerais state and found rates of 44 Á5 % and 10 Á1 % for swine H1N1 and H3N2 viruses , respectively . 12 In this case , although the prevalence was higher than that found in our study , it aligns more closely than those found in other Brazilian states . In contrast , a higher prevalence of antibodies against H3N2 virus was found in a herd from southern Brazil , 13 suggesting that there may be differences in the circulating serotypes of influenza virus in different regions of Brazil .


Take good care of the patient and respond to the patient 's question timely . Positively encourage patients to reduce their anxiety and fear .

Mild patients generally use a nasal catheter and a mask for oxygen . Adjust the oxygen flow as appropriate according to the patient 's condition and doctor 's instruction , and Requirements to the medical staff request 6 . Medical personnel enter the isolation area with proper self-protection through designated channels .

According to the principles of standard prevention and tertiary protection , all personnel entering various zones should be evaluated using individual inventory tables according to the exposure risk level . Chose personal protective equipment of various levels is necessary . Personal protective equipment should be worn strictly in accordance with the instructions and only used for one time ( The patient 's home isolation scheme is shown in Table 5 .

Patients do not need advanced respiratory support ( HFNO , NIV , MV , ECLS , etc . ) ; stable hemodynamics and tissue perfusion ; no significant impairment of organ function ; and no need for organ support treatment ( CRRT , artificial liver , etc . ) . Consider transferring the patient out of ICU procedure .

This guideline is a rapid guideline to responding to the emerging infectious disease of 2019 - nCoV . Due to the urgent need and tight work schedule , we conducted no wide-range survey but a discussion meeting with front-line clinicians who managed patients with 2019 - nCoV infections to finalize guideline topics and key questions .

( 1 ) Clinical symptoms 1 : hypodynamia accompanied by gastrointestinal upset . And the recommended Chinese patent medicine is the Huoxiang Zhengqi capsules ( ball , liquid , or oral liquid ) .

Astragalus mongholicus 12 g , roasted rhizoma atractylodis macrocephalae 10 g , saposhnikovia divaricata 10 g , Cyrtomium fortunei 10 g , honeysuckle 10 g , dried tangerine or orange peel 6 g , eupatorium 10 g , and licorice 10 g . Taking the medicine above yielded decoction once a day for adults , and for 5 days as a treatment course . If for children , cutting the dose to half . v Medical tea : perilla leaf 6 g , agastache leaf 6 g , dried tangerine or orange peel 9 g , stewed amomum tsao-ko 6 g , and 3 slices of ginger . Soak the herbs in hot water and drink the water just like enjoying the tea . vi Chinese patent medicine : Huoxiang Zhengqi capsule or Huoxiang Zhengqi Shui ( in half dose ) .

The next generation sequencing ( NGS ) and electron microscope technology play a role in the early diagnosis , but their diagnostic values have been weakened by the discovery of specific nucleic acid detection technology . In addition , NGS detection can tell whether the pathogen has mutated or not .

The protein sedimentation were performed on a Beckman-Coulter ( Palo Alto , CA ) XL-A analytical ultracentrifuge ( AUC ) with an An50 Ti rotor at 20 ° C with 130 000 g in standard double sectors aluminum centerpieces . The radial scans were recorded with a time interval of 7 - min and a step size of 0.003 cm . All data were fitted to the continuous c ( s ) distribution model and a continuous size-distribution with respect to frictional ratio ( f / f o ) model using the SEDFIT program [ 24 , 25 ] . The partial specific volume of the protein , solvent density and viscosity were calculated using the SEDNTERP program [ 26 ] . The solvent density and viscosity of varied urea concentrations were calculated and included in the fitting .

[ Image : see text ] Coronaviruses ( CoVs ) cause numerous diseases , including Middle East respiratory syndrome and severe acute respiratory syndrome , generating significant health-related and economic consequences . CoVs encode the nucleocapsid ( N ) protein , a major structural protein that plays multiple roles in the virus replication cycle and forms a ribonucleoprotein complex with the viral RNA through the N proteinâ € TMs N-terminal domain ( N-NTD ) . Using human CoV-OC43 ( HCoV-OC43 ) as a model for CoV , we present the 3 D structure of HCoV-OC43 N-NTD complexed with ribonucleoside 5 â €2 - monophosphates to identify a distinct ribonucleotide-binding pocket . By targeting this pocket , we identified and developed a new coronavirus N protein inhibitor , N- ( 6 - oxo-5 , 6 - dihydrophenanthridin-2-yl ) ( N , N-dimethylamino ) acetamide hydrochloride ( PJ34 ) , using virtual screening ; this inhibitor reduced the N proteinâ € TMs RNA-binding affinity and hindered viral replication . We also determined the crystal structure of the N-NTDâ € " PJ34 complex . On the basis of these findings , we propose guidelines for developing new N protein-based antiviral agents that target CoVs .

The ELM server performs taxonomic identification of viral sequences from NGS datasets via three steps ( Figure 1 ) . In step one , the server carries out a BLASTN search for a customized database of viral genomic sequences . In step two , the server performs the LCA-based taxonomic assignments using MEGAN software [ 8 ] with default parameters . In step three , the server iterates the LCA assignments with different parameters for the threshold of the bit scores for the BLAST hits and investigates the taxa in which the number of assigned reads is significantly changed . In this step , the server provides a novel criterion for evaluating the LCA assignments .

ELM is especially useful for the first screening of infectious diseases caused by viruses . In surveillance for pathogenic viruses , taxonomic assignment of the host sequence is not necessary for the initial screening . For this , sensitivity for detecting viruses is particularly required . Our results suggest that ELM recovers most reads assigned to target viruses . Therefore , we can apply these results to further sophisticated analyses . ELM will contribute to analyses of NGS data for limited targets such as the direct diagnosis of viral infections .

Next , we investigated whether the elapsed time for the BLASTN search was effectively reduced ( Table 2 ) . The elapsed time in the BLAST search was reduced to The circle sizes indicate the relative numbers of assigned reads . These trees were created using MEGAN [ 8 ] . Here , only the viral taxa are illustrated . 0.03 % -0.05 % ( Tables 1 and 2 ) . This showed the synergy effect of the reduction of the custom database to 0.1 % ( from 38 Gb to 49 Mb ) for the size of FASTA files and to 1.4 % -8.8 % for the number of BLASTN hits ( Tables 1 and 2 ) . Furthermore , the elapsed time for the LCA analysis was also reduced despite the additional nine assignments for ELM analysis .

According to the literature on taxonomic classification , the sequence similarity search of BLAST is a computational bottleneck [ 14 ] . Therefore , we used the customized viral database for a BLAST search to investigate how much the computational time was reduced and whether the conventional LCA could identify the infecting viruses .

To assess the required computational resources , we measured the elapsed time for the BLAST search ( Table 1 ) . As seen in Table 1 , we found that the elapsed time for the BLAST search depended on the number of reads and hits . Although multiple threads and parallel jobs reduced the computational time , we needed at least one day with 8 threads and 32 parallel jobs . The sizes of the resulting tabulated format files ranged from 60 - 648 gigabytes , possibly affecting the elapsed time for the LCA analysis .

Except for the pups from mice immunized with E301-404 , which had an ~ 83 % survival rate against ZIKV R103451 challenge , all pups born to the E298-409-and E296-406-immunized mice survived the R103451 challenge ( Fig . 3 a ) , and all pups born to the E298-409- , E296-406- , and E301-404-immunized mice survived the FLR challenge ( Fig . 3 b ) . All pups born to the above three EDIII fragment-immunized mice had increased weights during the detection period ( 14 days ) after challenge with both R103451 ( Fig . 3 c ) and FLR ( Fig . 3 d ) strains . The evaluation of the neutralizing antibodies revealed that , similar to the immunized mothers , pups from E298-409-immunized mice had the highest neutralizing antibody titers among the three treatments against R103451 ( Fig . 3e ) and FLR ( Fig . 3 f ) strains . In contrast to the above results , pups born to the mice injected with PBS did not survive challenge with the R103451 ( Fig . 3 a ) and FLR ( Fig . 3 b ) strains , and all of them died at 10 and 11 days p.i. , respectively , with decreased weights 4 and 6 days post-challenge with R103451 ( Fig . 3 c ) or FLR ( Fig . 3 d ) . This result is mainly because no neutralizing antibodies were detected in the mothers injected with PBS ( Fig . 3e , f ) . The above results demonstrated that pups born to mice immunized with ZIKV EDIII fragments , particularly E298-409 , were protected against infection with divergent ZIKV strains , possibly because maternal neutralizing antibodies had been transferred via placenta from mothers to fetuses during pregnancy . , PLCal _ ZV ( f ) , and IbH 30656 ( g ) , as well as from mosquito , MEX 2 - 81 ( h ) , and rhesus , MR 766 ( i ) . Neutralizing activity is expressed as 50 % neutralizing antibody titer ( PRNT 50 ) , and the data are presented as the means ± SE of the mice in each group ( n = 5 ) . Significant differences were noted between E208-409 and the other two EDIII fragments against FLR ( * * P < 0.01 ) , R103451 ( * P < 0.05 ) , PLCal _ ZV ( * P < 0.05 ) , and IbH 30656 ( * * P < 0.01 ) , respectively . The experiments were repeated twice , and similar results were obtained

To investigate the long-term immunogenicity and neutralizing activity of the ZIKV EDIII fragments , the immunized mice were observed for up to 10 months , and sera were collected at 0 , 2 , 7 , and 10 months post immunization to test ZIKV EDIII and E-specific antibody responses and neutralizing antibodies against two selected epidemic human strains , R103451 and FLR . The data from the antibody test revealed that although all three EDIII fragments were able to elicit long-term EDIII-specific IgG antibodies , those induced by the E298-409 and E301-404 fragments showed significantly higher titers than that induced by the E296-406 fragment ( Fig . 2 Aa ) .

The values are presented as the means with standard error ( SE ) . Statistical significance among the different groups was calculated by Student 's two-tailed t-test using GraphPad Prism Statistical Software . * , * * , and * * * indicate P < 0.05 , P < 0.01 , and P < 0.001 , respectively .

ZIKV RNA copies in the sera and tissues of challenged mice were detected by qRT-PCR as previously described 38 . Briefly , ZIKV RNA was extracted using the QIAamp MinElute Virus Spin Kit ( for sera ) ( Qiagen ) and the RNeasy Mini Kit ( for tissues ) ( Qiagen ) . The extracted ZIKV RNA was quantified using one-step qRT-PCR with Power SYBR Green PCR Master Mix , MultiScribe Reverse Transcriptase , and Ambion RNase Inhibitor ( Thermo Fisher Scientific , Waltham , MA , USA ) in the ViiA 7 Master Cycler PCR System ( Thermo Fisher Scientific ) according to the manufacturers ' instructions . The forward and reverse primers used for the amplification were 52 - TTGGTCATGATACTGCTGATTGC-32 and 52 - CCTT CCACAAAGTCCCTATTGC-32 , respectively .

UI R R V W a R R V W a UI R R V E T D R R V E

To identify a potential RV inhibitor of IFN signaling other than the well-characterized RV nonstructural protein 1 ( NSP1 ) antagonism of IRF3 ( Arnold et al . , 2013 a ; Barro and Patton , 2005 ) ( by simian and murine RV strains ) , b-TrCP ( Ding et al . , 2016 ; Graff et al . , 2009 ) ( by human and some bovine and porcine RV strains ) ( Sherry , 2009 ) and IFN receptor degradation by all RVs ( Sen et al . , 2017 ) , we examined a large panel of key adaptor proteins , kinases and transcription factors in the RNA sensing pathway . We observed a significant decrease in the levels of FL-MAVS ( by 6 hr ) and IRF1 ( by 12 hr ) in African Green Monkey MA104 cells following simian RRV infection ( Figure 2 B ) . The FL-MAVS down-regulation was highly specific , as the levels of mini-MAVS , a truncated isoform that is unable to trigger IFN induction ( Brubaker et al . , 2014 ) , other signaling molecules ( RIG-I , TBK1 , IKKe , TRAF2 , b-TrCP ) , control mitochondrial ( Fis1 , COXIV ) , and peroxisomal ( PMP70 ) proteins were only affected at a high multiplicity of infection ( MOI ) of 10 and only at the latest time point examined ( 12 hr post infection ) ( Figure 2 B ) . Moreover , transcript levels of MAVS mRNA , from which both FL and mini-MAVS are translated ( Brubaker et al . , 2014 ) , remained stable during RV infection ( Surprisingly , we also noted that RV infection induced FL-MAVS degradation in an RV straindependent manner . Compared to several other animal and human RV strains , only the simian RRV and , to a much lesser extent , the porcine SB1A strain , were able to induce MAVS degradation in rhesus origin MA104 cells ( Figure 2 C , upper panel ; Figure 2 - figure supplement 1 B , middle panel ) . In contrast , infection of the human origin HT-29 cells with the human RV Wa strain , but not the simian RRV strain , was capable of degrading human MAVS ( Figure 2 C , middle panel ; Figure 2 - figure supplement 1 B , lower panel ) , highlighting a unique pattern of virus-strain host-species co-segregation with the MAVS degradation phenotype . These associations were further documented in NIH3T3 cells , a mouse origin fibroblast cell line , where only the murine RV ETD strain efficiently degraded murine MAVS ( Figure 2 C , lower panel ) . Species-specific MAVS degradation was recapitulated using human RV infection and Flag-tagged MAVS from human , African Green monkey and rhesus monkey ( Figure 2 D ) . Since MAVS acts upstream of both IRF3 and NF-kB signaling , we next examined the functional significance of RV-induced MAVS degradation . As expected , we found diminished luciferase production driven by IFN and ISG promoters in RRV infected MA104 cells in response to ensuing RNA PAMP stimulation ( Figure 2E ) .

MA104 cells were transfected with siRNA using a reverse transfection protocol as previously described ( Gutiérrez et al . , 2010 ) . In brief , 15 ml Oligofectamine ( Invitrogen ) was diluted in 1 ml MEM and incubated for 10 min at RT . This mixture was then added to a well of a 48 - well plate containing the siRNA , also diluted in MEM . After an incubation of 20 min at RT , 200 ml of a single-cell suspension of 0.5 Â 10 5 MA104 cells / ml was added to each well , and the cells were incubated at 37 ÚC . 72 hr later , the transfection mixture was removed and the cells were washed twice with MEM and infected with RV .

Cells were fixed and analyzed as described ( Ding et al . , 2018 ) . In brief , cells were fixed with 4 % paraformaldehyde and stained with the following primary antibodies or fluorescent dyes : DAPI ( Thermo Fisher , P36962 ) . Stained cells were washed with PBS , mounted with Antifade Mountant with DAPI ( Thermo , P36962 ) , and imaged with Zeiss LSM 710 Confocal Microscope . Confocal images were analyzed by Volocity v5 . 2 .

IEC isolation by EDTA-DTT extraction method and flow cytometry of mature villous IECs were performed as previously described ( Sen et al . , 2012 ) . Fecal shedding of viral antigens , and detection of RV replication by RT-qPCR were performed as described .

B6129SF2 / J wild-type and Mavs - / mice ( B6 ; 129 - Mavs tm1Zjc / J ) were purchased from the Jackson laboratory ( stock number : 101045 and 008634 respectively ) and bred in-house at the Veterinary Medical Unit of Palo Alto VA Health Care System ( PAVAHCS ) . C57 / BL6 , Ifnar1 - / - , Casp1 - / - , Il18 - / - , Nlrp9b - / were used as previously described ( Lin et al . , 2016 ; Zhu et al . , 2017 ) . For all RV infections , sex and age-matched suckling pups at 5 days of age were used and whenever possible , littermates were used to minimize the effect of specific microbiome differences on the experiments .

We extended our in vitro findings to the whole animal and demonstrated efficient VP3-mediated MAVS degradation during RV infection in the suckling mouse model . The degradation of MAVS at least partially contributes to the successful suppression of host innate immunity and RV host range restriction ( Figure 5 ) . Compared to the minimal effects of MAVS on homologous murine RV infection of suckling mice , the intra-intestinal replication and fecal shedding of heterologous simian RV was enhanced approximately 100 - fold in Mavs - / mice ( Figure 5 A and B ) . This enhancement was significantly more dramatic than the 10 - fold difference that we observed in MAVS - / - HT-29 cells ( Figure 2 A ) . The disparity is likely due to both the type and amount of IFNs induced in these distinct environments : both type I and III IFNs from IECs and hematopoietic cells contribute to virus inhibition in vivo in contrast to a limited IFN-l secretion in HT-29 cells . This proposed model is in agreement with our data that the heterologous RV replication was not significantly different at extraintestinal tissues including the mesenteric lymph nodes in WT and Mavs - / mice ( Figure 5 B ) , where the dominant immune cell populations that RVs do not infect contribute to the majority of the IFNs ( Lin et al . , 2016 ) .

A missing piece in the understanding of the degradative interplay between VP3 and MAVS is the identity of a host E3 ubiquitin ligase . The fact that MAVS is K48 poly-ubiquitinated and degraded at the proteasome suggests the involvement of an E3 ligase activity ( Figures 2 F and 4E ) . Given the recent report that RV NSP1 requires the host Cullin-E3 ligase complex to degrade b-TrCP ( Ding et al . , 2016 ) , it is possible that RV does not possess a virally encoded E3 ligase ( s ) . In an effort to identify host factors critical for VP3-mediated MAVS degradation , we tested the efficacy of MLN4924 , a pan-cullin inhibitor ( Soucy et al . , 2009 ) , to inhibit MAVS degradation . However , this small molecule did not affect MAVS levels during RV infection ( Figure 3 - figure supplement 1 F ) . In addition , siRNA silencing of the expression of a panel of known MAVS negative regulators ( Castanier et al . , 2012 ; Yoo et al . , 2015 ; You et al . , 2009 ) had minimal effect on MAVS degradation ( Figure 3 - figure supplement 1 F ) . We also performed IP-MS and compiled a list of host E3 ligases that interact with MAVS during RV infection . Unfortunately , knocking down any of them did not rescue MAVS from degradation ( Figure 3 - figure supplement 1 G ) , leaving the possibility of some redundancy in usurping E3 ligase complexes by VP3 to target MAVS .

An intact MAVS signaling in both parenchymal cells and the hematopoietic compartment plays a critical role in eliciting a full-blown IFN response to PAMPs and is also essential to shaping the adaptive immune response against RNA virus infections ( Pinto et al . , 2014 ; Dutta et al . , 2017 ; Lazear et al . , 2013 ) . Since its discovery Kawai et al . , 2005 ; Meylan et al . , 2005 ; Xu et al . , 2005 ) , MAVS has become established as a central component of antiviral innate immunity and has served as a prototypic molecule in the study of virus-host co-evolution ( Patel et al . , 2012 ) . In the present study , we add to the current understanding how RV , a ubiquitous dsRNA virus and highly important human pathogen that is very sensitive to the antiviral effects of IFN ( Arnold et al . , 2013 b ) , avoids innate immune surveillance . By combining genome editing techniques , proteomics , mutagenesis , intestinal enteroids , and a highly tractable mouse model of homologous and heterologous RV infection and disease , we uncovered a unique mechanism employed by homologous RVs to target MAVS in their homologous host for degradation and inhibit the RNA sensing pathway in infected IECs . We found that human HT-29 cells produce significantly more IFN-l than IFN-b in response to the dsRNA RV infections ( Figure 1 A ) . This is consistent with the data derived from T84 cells , another human colonic epithelial cell line ( Odendall et al . , 2014 ) . That study also revealed a differentiation-dependent increase in the ratio of IFN-l / IFN-b expression , which correlated with the abundance of peroxisomes and IFN-l expression after viral infection . We also confirmed this finding using primary human intestinal enteroids that naturally harbor tight junctions similar to differentiated T84 cells ( Figure 1 B ) , suggesting that a preferential IFN-l induction appears to be a specific feature of human IECs . Despite the report of anti-RV roles of both type I and type III IFNs using various IFN receptor knockout mice in vivo ( Lin et al . , 2016 ; Pott et al . , 2011 ) , whether IFN-l plays a physiological role in suppressing RV replication in an entirely human IEC environment awaits further testing . However , our other observation that pex-MAVS induces both IFN-l and IFN-b expression ( Figure 1 - figure supplement 1 C , right panel ) is in contrast to the previously reported role of pex-MAVS capable of specifically activating IFN-l in response to Listeria ( Odendall et al . , 2014 ; . In fact , our data are consistent with a more recent publication using viruses as stimuli and indicating that MAVSinduced IFN activation is independent of its subcellular location ( Bender et al . , 2015 ) , whether it be mitochondria or peroxisome . It is noteworthy that neither our present study nor the Bender S et al . paper ( Bender et al . , 2015 ) used a cytosolic MAVS as a control . It is likely that the extent of IFN-b induction via pex-MAVS occurs in a pathogen ( or context ) - specific manner .

= 0 + 1 * + 2 * + 3 * + 4 * * +  5 = 1 + where refers to the vector of transformed responses , to the pre-treatment phenotype value , is a vector of treatment indicators , controls for sex , and controls for the interaction of sex and treatment . Each refers to a random effect vector associated with the th random effect . The 2 correspond to the batch , strain , strain-by-treatment , strain-by-sex , and strain-by-sex-by-treatment effects ( henceforth referred to as effects 1 - 5 , respectively ) . We assume that the 's are mutually independent and ~ ( 0 , 2 × ) . Further , the error term ~ ( 0 , 2 * × ) , independent of the random effects . Details on the construction of the associated random design matrices are included in File S1 .

For the open field , EPS , and body weight phenotypes , the difference between pre-and post-treatment measurements were taken and log-transformed for body weight . The mixed model employed for these phenotypes was :

Placebo Halope ridol Difference in medians . CC-BY 4.0 International license is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . It . https://doi.org/10.1101/761353 doi : bioRxiv preprint CC044xCC020 CC042 CC023 CC019 CC039 CC010 CC013 CC009 CC041 CC020 CC012 CC002 CC044 CC006 CC043 CC055 CC053 CC027 CC037 CC040 CC005 CC065 CC033 CC007 CC003 CC048 CC034 CC063 CC056 CC018 CC049 CC059 CC074 CC032 CC017 CC057 CC036 CC050 CC022 CC030 CC073 CC024 CC008 CC016 CC061 CC025 CC014 CC052 CC015 OR559 CC035 CC062 CC021 CC047 CC038 CC011 CC004 CC001 CC028 CC026 CC051 CC042 CC023 CC019 CC039 CC010 CC013 CC009 CC041 CC020 CC012 CC002 CC044 CC006 CC043 CC055 CC053 CC027 CC037 CC040 CC005 CC065 CC033 CC007 CC003 CC048 CC034 CC063 CC056 CC018 CC049 CC059 CC074 CC032 CC017 CC057 CC036 CC050 CC022 CC030 CC073 CC024 CC008 CC016 CC061 CC025 CC014 CC052 CC015 OR559 CC035 CC062 CC021 CC047 CC038 CC011 CC004 CC001 CC028 CC026 The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . It . https://doi.org/10.1101/761353 doi : bioRxiv preprint The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . It . https://doi.org/10.1101/761353 doi : bioRxiv preprint

Placebo Halope ridol Difference in medians  1000  500 0 CC RIX Line Change in Vertical Activity ( beams bro ken )

were measured after chronic drug treatment . The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . It . https://doi.org/10.1101/761353 doi : bioRxiv preprint The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . It . https://doi.org/10.1101/761353 doi : bioRxiv preprint

Despite extensive efforts , we have a limited understanding of the heritability of motoric ADRs in humans ( ZHANG AND MALHOTRA 2011 ; DRAGO et al . 2012 ; CROWLEY et al . 2014 ) . As shown in Table 2 , estimates of heritability for the phenotypes measured using the CC-RIX ranged from 0.21 ( for change in body weight ) to 0.4 ( for both number of VCMs and change in distance traveled ) . Using a similar chronic haloperidol treatment paradigm in 27 genetically diverse inbred strains , we previously showed that haloperidol-induced ADRs ( including VCMs and EPS ) are highly heritable ( ~ 0.9 ) , with strain being a major predictor of phenotypic variation . CC-BY 4.0 International license is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . It . https://doi.org/10.1101/761353 doi : bioRxiv preprint 14 independently of haloperidol plasma levels ( CROWLEY et al . 2012 a ) . The discrepancy between the heritability estimates found for VCMs between these studies is likely due to the genetic diversity present in the CC-RIX , when compared to the 27 inbred lines , and the lower heritability found in the CC-RIX ( h 2 ~ 0.4 ) , which is likely closer to the heritability of the analogous trait ( TD ) in humans .

Our study employed the genetically diverse CC-RIX mice to elucidate the genetic basis of antipsychotic ADRs . We performed a battery of behavioral tests in 840 mice from 73 RIX lines treated with haloperidol or placebo in order to monitor the development of ADRs . CC-RIX lines displayed a wide-ranging response to haloperidol treatment induced ADRs as captured in . CC-BY 4.0 International license is made available under a The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . It . https://doi.org/10.1101/761353 doi : bioRxiv preprint 13 pre-and post-drug behavioral measures . On average , treatment had a strong effect for every phenotype , with the exceptions of centroid and stereotypy . However , note that even for these phenotypes , there was significant between-strain variability . The majority of the CC-RIX lines exhibited reduced distance traveled and vertical activity upon haloperidol treatment , with about a third of the RIX lines exhibiting little change in these measures after exposure to haloperidol ( Figure 3 a-b ) . Centroid time and stereotypy measures did not appear to be as sensitive to haloperidol induced response ( Figure S3 ) . The majority of RIX lines showed a delayed response in the inclined screen test ( EPS ) after haloperidol treatment ( Figure 3 c ) and more than half of the RIX lines displayed higher incidence of VCMs after haloperidol treatment ( Figure 3 d ) . Interestingly , the prevalence of ADRs in the CC-RIX population is analogous to what has been observed in humans , where 20 - 43 % of patients treated with antipsychotics can develop tardive dyskinesia ( HALLIDAY et al . 2002 ; SOARES-WEISER AND FERNANDEZ 2007 ) We used linear mixed models to test for the existence of strain and treatment effects . Of note , all phenotype models that included a pre-treatment fixed effect demonstrated significant regression to the mean ; subjects with higher pre-treatment scores experienced larger reductions in the phenotype . We observed highly significant strain effects for almost all behavioral measurements investigated ( p < 0.001 ) . Further , we observed strong strain-by-treatment interactions for most phenotypes , with particularly strong effects ( p < 0.001 ) for change in distance traveled and change in vertical activity , as well as change in EPS . When viewing the BLUPs , it is important to keep in mind that given the small sample sizes for each parental strain , comparisons between the effects of individual pairs of parental strains are not necessarily significant , even when the overall effects are highly significant . To draw closer attention to the treatment effect BLUPs , we indicate strains that are at the extreme for those phenotypes with a substantial mean shift in Figure 3 and Figure S3 ( in the direction consistent with this mean shift ) in the rightmost columns of Table S1 . We flag strains that are in the most extreme 10 % , finding that 27 strains had extreme responses for at least one of these phenotypes , with eight of these being extreme for multiple phenotypes .

Rotaviruses ( RVs ) , a leading cause of severe diarrhea in young children and many mammalian species , have evolved multiple strategies to counteract the host innate immunity , specifically interferon ( IFN ) signaling through RV non-structural protein 1 ( NSP1 ) . However , whether RV structural components also subvert antiviral response remains under-studied . Here , we found that MAVS , critical for the host RNA sensing pathway upstream of IFN induction , is degraded by the RV RNA methyl-and guanylyl-transferase ( VP3 ) in a host-range-restricted manner . Mechanistically , VP3 localizes to the mitochondria and mediates the phosphorylation of a previously unidentified SPLTSS motif within the MAVS proline-rich region , leading to its proteasomal degradation and blockade of IFN-l production in RV-infected intestinal epithelial cells . Importantly , VP3 inhibition of MAVS activity contributes to enhanced RV replication and to viral pathogenesis in vivo . Collectively , our findings establish RV VP3 as a viral antagonist of MAVS function in mammals and uncover a novel pathogen-mediated inhibitory mechanism of MAVS signaling .

Next-generation sequencing ( NGS ) has the potential to transform the discovery of viruses causing unexplained acute febrile illness ( UAFI ) because it does not depend on culturing the pathogen or a priori knowledge of the pathogen 's nucleic acid sequence . More generally , it has the potential to elucidate the complete human virome , including viruses that cause no overt symptoms of disease , but may have unrecognized immunological or developmental consequences . We have used NGS to identify RNA viruses in the blood of 195 patients with UAFI and compared them with those found in 328 apparently healthy ( i.e. , no overt signs of illness ) control individuals , all from communities in southeastern Nigeria . Among UAFI patients , we identified the presence of nucleic acids from several well-characterized pathogenic viruses , such as HIV-1 , hepatitis , and Lassa virus . In our cohort of healthy individuals , however , we detected the nucleic acids of two novel rhabdoviruses . These viruses , which we call Ekpoma virus-1 ( EKV-1 ) and Ekpoma virus-2 ( EKV-2 ) , are highly divergent , with little identity to each other or other known viruses . The most closely related rhabdoviruses are members of the genus Tibrovirus and Bas-Congo virus ( BASV ) , which was recently identified in an individual with symptoms resembling hemorrhagic fever . Furthermore , by conducting a serosurvey of our study cohort , we find evidence for remarkably high exposure rates to the identified rhabdoviruses . The recent discoveries of novel rhabdoviruses by multiple research groups suggest that human infection with rhabdoviruses might be common . While the prevalence and clinical significance of these viruses are currently unknown , these viruses could have previously unrecognized impacts on human health ; further research to understand the immunological and developmental impact of these viruses should be explored . More generally , the identification of similar novel viruses in individuals with and without overt symptoms of disease highlights the need for a broader understanding of the human virome as efforts for viral detection and discovery advance .

Faecal examination showed a mucoid and bloody diarrhoea and the faecal flotation test and SNAP faecal enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( ELISA ) Giardia test ( SNAP Giardia test , IDEXX Laboratories , Maine , USA ) were negative . A complete geriatric haemobiochemical profile was sent to Idexx Laboratory ; results of the cell blood count ( CBC ) , venous haemogas analysis , serum biochemical analysis and assessment of serum total thyroxine concentration were within reference intervals except for leukocytes ( 23.6 G / l , reference interval , 6 - 11 G / l ) , absolute segmented neutrophils ( 19,030 / ul , reference intervals 3000 - 11,000 / ul ) , absolute monocytes ( 1676 / ul reference intervals 0 - 500 / ul ) ; ALT ( 256 U / / l , reference interval , < 175 U / l ) , AST ( 118 U / l , reference intervals < 71 U / l ) serum albumin concentration ( 17 g / l , reference intervals 27 - 44 g / l ) , calcium ( 1.9 mmol / l , reference interval , 2.2 - 2.9 mmol / l ) , and folate ( 7.9 ng / ml , reference interval 11.1 -21.6 ng / ml ) .

On physical examination , the cat weighed 2.8 kg , the rectal temperature was 39.5 ° C , pulse rate was 180 beats / min , and respiratory rate was 36 breaths / min ; abnormalities on physical examination included fluidsplashing sounds in the abdomen , about 8 % dehydration , left retromandibular lymph node enlargement , and the oral examination showed gingivitis , plaque and halitosis . The cat appeared otherwise normal .

This report describes two highly suspected cases of feline salmonellosis in two cats from the same household fed with RMBD and identifies a likely source of the Salmonella cases .

Salmonella spp . are transmitted directly or indirectly by the faecal-oral route [ 13 ] . Sources of infection with Salmonella spp . for indoor cats include the ingestion of raw meat and some processed food , while outdoor cats are at risk from scavenging and hunting rodents and birds , exposure to reptiles and environmental contamination [ 8 , 9 , 17 , 19 ] . However , large-scale epidemiological studies assessing Salmonella spp . and their risk factors are lacking with only one report to date describing two cases of feline salmonellosis in a multicat household fed with a home-made contaminated beef RMBD [ 9 ] .

Feeding raw diets to domestic cats is becoming increasingly popular and today there are many options for owners who wish to change their feeding practices . Recipes for home-made raw food diets are widely available and commercial frozen food diets are also sold at some pet stores and veterinary clinics . The main ingredients of these products are raw meat , mainly poultry and beef , vegetables , grains and fruits [ 17 ] . As these diets do not undergo any type of heat processing or sterilization , existing bacteria and parasites can be present at the time of consumption [ 15 ] so both commercial and home-made raw meat-based diets ( RMBD ) are at risk of contamination with pathogens including Salmonella spp . [ 17 , 18 ] .

Authors ' contributions FG , AS and SP coordinated the case report and reviewed the literature ; JM conducted the cases ; all authors contributed to writing the manuscript and read and approved the final manuscript .

The data supporting our findings are contained within the manuscript .

We acknowledge DVM Fabris and the cats ' owner Mr . Greco who kindly shared documents and cases .

Mitochondrial respiration protects rRNA against deleterious consequences of ROS Certain aspects of apoptosis , such as the change in mitochondrial membrane potential , fragmentation of mitochondria and the requirement of cyt c and AIF release to the cytoplasm , are strongly conserved among different organisms and point to the pivotal role of mitochondria . In yeast , PCD pathways triggered by acetic acid , Bax expression and pheromone , are strictly correlated with these events and do not proceed in cells devoid of mtDNA ( rho0 ) ( 31 , 60 ) . During chronological ageing and hyperosmotic shock , rho0 strains were reported to have somehow higher survival , which can be attributed to their long doubling time ( 1.5 to 2 - fold ) , but they still die apoptotically ( 23 , 73 ) . However , mitochondrial function is required for resistance to oxidative stress by way of detoxification or repair of the oxidative damage and , consequently , rho0 cells are more sensitive to several oxidants , have higher level of endogenous ROS and undergo apoptosis caused by H 2 O 2 or amino-acid starvation ( 61 , 71 , ( 74 ) ( 75 ) ( 76 ) ( 77 ) . Also , mammalian rho0 cell lines undergo apoptosis in response to some but not all cell death-activating stimuli . It has been postulated that these differences may arise from a distinct mechanism by which rho0 cells maintain membrane potential by way of ATP consumption ( 78 ) .

It has been shown that apoptotic stimuli in yeast generate ROS that are closely correlated with the onset or progression of PCD ( 71 ) . We saw that , also the degree of rRNA decay corresponded to the cellular level of ROS , which was modified by using ROS scavenger ( ascorbic acid ) or ectopic expression of pro-or anti-apoptotic proteins ( Bax and Bcl-x L , respectively ) known to affect ROS generation . Also , rRNA degradation was more robust in oxidative stress defence mutants , both enzymatic and non-enzymatic , where intracellular ROS is not properly neutralized . All these observations argue that there is a direct link between ROS production and rRNA fragmentation . It can be envisaged that various reactive species themselves are able to produce endonucleolytic nicks in RNA molecules that will lead to breakdown , particularly as all mapped cleavages occur in singlestranded regions that constitute loops and bulges and are more accessible to chemical compounds in the solvent . However , this is not the case , given that specific RNA fragmentation did not occur in cells fixed with formaldehyde or ethanol prior to treatment with H 2 O 2 . In addition , oxidative agents used in this work generate different forms of ROS such as H 2 O 2 , hydroperoxide ( LoaOOH , CHP and t-BHP ) , superoxide anion ( menadione and paraquat ) and hydroxyl free radical ( produced from H 2 O 2 or superoxide anion ) . Although all were applied at toxic doses , only two of them , H 2 O 2 and menadione , mediated rRNA degradation , supporting the notion that oxidative compounds as such do not provoke cuts in RNA molecules within the cell . Taken together , this strongly suggests that active cellular machinery , such as signalling factors and RNA degrading enzyme ( s ) , is required for this process . Nevertheless , these enzymatic activities are still to be identified . The closest yeast homologue of mammalian RNase L , Ire1 , a sensor of the unfolded protein response , functions in the unconventional splicing of Hac1 pre-mRNA and contains protein kinase and endoribonuclease domains similar to those in RNase L ( 72 ) . Although our unpublished data show that deletion of Ire1 has no effect on the H 2 O 2 - induced rRNA degradation ( M.S. and J.K. ) , it does not exclude its participation in other apoptotic pathways , for example those related to endoplasmic reticulum stress and unfolded protein response . We are currently testing several known yeast endo-an exonucleases for participation in apoptosis-related rRNA degradation . Preliminary observations suggest that , contrary to expectations , this function may involve not one but a number of unspecific nucleases , including mitochondrial Nuc1p , that act in a redundant fashion ( M.S. and J.K. , unpublished data ) .

PCD occurs via a number of different mechanisms , e.g. caspase-dependent or independent , however , in all eukaryotes it is thought to be correlated with high levels of reactive oxygen species ( ROS ) . ROS can either be generated exogenously through respiration or originate from exogenous sources such as exposure to hydrogen peroxide ( H 2 O 2 ) , superoxide anions or hydroxyl radicals . Excessive ROS results in damage of cellular components ( DNA , lipids and proteins ) , cell cycle arrest , ageing and finally cell death ( 24 ) . Cells have developed a complex network of defence mechanisms , both enzymatic and non-enzymatic , against adverse consequences of oxidative stress ( 25 ) . Non-enzymatic system comprises a set of small molecules acting as ROS scavengers ( e.g. glutathione , thioredoxin , glutaredoxin and ascorbic acid ) , whereas enzymatic system eliminates oxygen radicals by the action of specialized cytosolic or mitochondrial enzymes ( e.g. catalases , superoxide dismutases , glutathione peroxidases and thioredoxin peroxidases ) ( 25 ) . Most genes encoding components of these systems are induced in response to oxidative stress and are under transcriptional control of specific factors , for example Yap1 , Msn2 / Msn4 and Skn7 in budding yeast ( 26 ) . However , it appears that there is no general oxidative stress response . In S . cerevisiae , different response pathways are triggered by specific oxidants and different genes are involved in maintaining efficient cellular resistance to various sources of ROS ( 1 , 2 ) . Interestingly , recent genomic approaches to identify these genes showed that strains lacking proteins which function in RNA metabolism were oversensitive to oxidative stress ( 1,2 ) . These included genes encoding rRNA helicases ( Dbp3 , Dbp7 ) , rRNA processing factors ( Nop12 , Nsr1 ) , mRNA deadenylases ( Ccr4 , Pop2 ) and several mitochondrial RNA splicing components ( 2 , 27 ) . This indicates that RNA processing and degradation may have a role in cellular response to ROS .

rRNA degradation depends on the mitochondrial activity in the cell Mitochondria are the major source of endogenous ROS generated by oxidative phosphorylation . The extent to which mitochondria are involved in mammalian or yeast apoptosis is still questionable , although it appears that mitochondrial ROS could be important in some signalling pathways ( 57,58 ) and have a central role in some apoptotic pathways and less crucial in others ( 59 ) . For example , apoptotic cell death in yeast induced by acetic acid , pheromone and Bax expression was shown to be mediated by mitochondria ( 31 , 60 ) .

The Primer Explorer v5 primer design software ( Eiken Chemical Co . , Japan ) was used for generating several potential LAMP primer sets composed of the outer primers F3 and B3 and the inner primers FIP and BIP . Primer design was constrained to include at least a 40 bp gap between the F1 and F2 or between the B1 and B2 priming sites . Primer specificity for targeted sequence and a corresponding lack of significant cross-reactivity to other nucleic acids of human , vector or pathogenic origin were further assessed using NCBI BLAST .

All rights reserved . No reuse allowed without permission .

Manipulation of natural mosquito populations using the endosymbiotic bacteria Wolbachia is being investigated as a novel strategy to reduce the burden of mosquito-borne viruses . To evaluate the efficacy of these interventions , it will be critical to determine Wolbachia infection frequencies in Aedes aegypti mosquito populations . However , current diagnostic tools are not well-suited to fit this need . Morphological methods can not identify Wolbachia , immunoassays often suffer from low sensitivity and poor throughput , while PCR and spectroscopy require complex instruments and technical expertise , which restrict their use to centralized laboratories . To address this unmet need , we have used loop-mediated isothermal amplification ( LAMP ) and oligonucleotide strand displacement ( OSD ) probes to create a one-pot sample-to-answer nucleic acid diagnostic platform for vector and symbiont surveillance . LAMP-OSD assays can directly amplify target nucleic acids from macerated mosquitoes without requiring nucleic acid purification and yield specific single endpoint yes / no fluorescence signals that are observable to eye or by cellphone camera . We demonstrate cellphone-imaged LAMP-OSD tests for two targets , the Aedes aegypti cytochrome oxidase I ( coi ) gene and the Wolbachia surface protein ( wsp ) gene , and show a limit of detection of 4 and 40 target DNA copies , respectively . In a blinded test of 90 field-caught mosquitoes , the coi LAMP-OSD assay demonstrated 98 % specificity and 97 % sensitivity in identifying Ae . aegypti mosquitoes even after 3 weeks of storage without desiccant at 37 ÚC . Similarly , the wsp LAMP-OSD assay readily identified the wAlbB Wolbachia strain in field-collected Aedes albopictus mosquitoes without generating any false positive signals . Modest technology requirements , minimal execution steps , simple binary readout , and robust accuracy make the LAMP-OSD-to-cellphone assay platform well suited for field vector surveillance in austere or resource-limited conditions .

The diffusivity of the clones through the ECM varied from 6.40 × 10 -14 ± 2.17 × 10 -14 m 2 / sec for the negative control-phage to 1.05 × 10 -13 ± 1.27 × 10 -14 m 2 / sec for P4-phage , which was in the same order of magnitude as the diffusivity of similar sized T4 phage through gels and artificial biofilm models 77 , 78 . Comparable values of 1.62 × 10 -12 m 2 / sec and 3.39 × 10 -13 m 2 / sec were reported for diffusion of 50 The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . . https://doi.org/10.1101/659524 doi : bioRxiv preprint properties of the displayed peptide likely impacted binding to the ECM and subsequent diffusion .

The diffusion coefficient of clones is representative of the unhindered diffusivity of individual clones in phosphate buffered saline ( PBS ) using dynamic light scattering ( Table S1 ) . The measured diffusion coefficient of the insertless , WT phage ( hydrodynamic diameter ~ 70 nm ) correlates with its theoretical calculation following the Stokes-Einstein equation .

Their length and sequence can be controlled 54 63 .

In solid tumors , increasing drug penetration promotes their regression and improves the therapeutic index of compounds . However , the heterogeneous extracellular matrix ( ECM ) acts a steric and interaction barrier that hinders effective transport of therapeutics , including nanomedicines . Specifically , the interactions between the ECM and surface physicochemical properties of nanomedicines ( e.g. charge , hydrophobicity ) impedes their diffusion and penetration . / nTo address the challenges using existing surface chemistries , we used peptide-presenting phage libraries as a high-throughput approach to screen and identify peptides as coatings with desired physicochemical properties that improve diffusive transport through the tumor microenvironment . / nThrough iterative screening against the ECM and identification by next-generation DNA sequencing and analysis , we selected individual clones and measured their transport by diffusion assays . Here , we identified a net-neutral charge , hydrophilic peptide P4 that facilitates All rights reserved . No reuse allowed without permission . / nThe copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is the author / funder . . https://doi.org/10.1101/659524 doi : bioRxiv preprint significantly higher diffusive transport of phage than negative control through in vitro tumor ECM . / nThrough alanine mutagenesis , we confirmed that the hydrophilicity , charge , and their spatial ordering impact diffusive transport . P4 phage clone exhibited almost 200 - fold improved uptake in ex vivo pancreatic tumor xenografts compared to the negative control . Nanoparticles coated with P4 exhibited ~ 40 - fold improvement in diffusivity in pancreatic tumor tissues , and P4-coated particles demonstrated less hindered diffusivity through the ECM compared to particles functionalized with gold standard poly ( ethylene ) glycol or iRGD peptide ligand . By leveraging the power of molecular diversity using phage display , we can greatly expand the chemical space of surface chemistries that can improve the transport of nanomedicines through the complex tumor microenvironment to ultimately improve their efficacy . / nQuantification / nAmplification / nScreening of phage-presenting peptide library through a tumor ECM model Identification and selection of potential peptide using nextgeneration sequencing / nSelection of a faster diffusing clone through in vitro validation using Transwell and multichannel diffusion assay Ex vivo uptake validation of the selected clone followed by comparison of diffusivity of peptide-coated nanoparticle with gold standards using multiple particle tracking All rights reserved . No reuse allowed without permission .

We describe the forced displacement as

where z is the relative displacement between the core and shell ; b is the damping coefficient , which is related to the surrounding environment ; k is the effective spring constant of this system . By assuming z ( t ) proportional to exp ( iÉ t ) , one can solve the complex angular frequency of the resonator as :

j is the spherical Bessel function of the first kind , É is the angular frequency of the vibrational mode , R is the radius of the nano-sphere , c l and c t are longitudinal and transverse sound velocities respectively . A comparison between the commonly observed = l 0 breathing mode and the = l 1 dipolar mode can be found in Supplementary online . the Since the = l 1 dipolar mode of a nano-sphere can not be detected by the light scattering experiments 16 , it was not observed until a previous study of the resonant excitation of dipolar mode through THz wave or microwave excitations 17 , 18 when the core and shell of the nano-sphere have permanent charge separation . Once the resonantly oscillating electric field was applied to the nano-sphere , opposite displacement between core and shell was generated , thus excited the dipolar mode vibrations . Compared with the breathing ( = l 0 ) and quadrapolar ( = l 2 ) modes , dipolar mode ( = l 1 ) is the only SPH mode to directly interact with the EM waves whose wavelength is much longer than the particle 's size . Due to the permanent charge separation nature of viruses , in 2009 , dipolar coupling with = l 1 CAVs is confirmed to be the mechanisms responsible for microwave resonant absorption in viruses by treating spherical viruses as free homogeneous nanoparticles 8 , 9 . Figure 1 shows the simulated displacement field of the dipolar mode ( calculated by the finite element method , COMSOL Multiphysics , COMSOL , Inc . ) of a homogeneous sphere ( mass density and viscoelastic properties are constant throughout the sphere ) . We define the relative displacement direction of the dipolar mode as the z-direction , which will also be the field direction of the applied EM waves discussed in the next section . By plotting the displacement field of the x-z plane ( y = 0 ) of the sphere , the opposite displacement between the core and shell regions can be clearly observed in Fig . 1 ( b ) . Meanwhile Fig . 1 ( c ) shows the side view of the distortion of the x-y plane of the sphere at different z locations , which concludes that the maximum distortion occurs on the equatorial plane ( z = 0 ) of the sphere . Figure 1 ( d ) shows the top view of the displacement field of the equatorial plane ( z = 0 ) . It is interesting to find out that the magnitude of averaged positive displacement ( inner region ) is 1.27 times the magnitude of the averaged negative displacement ( outer region ) , while positive and negative displacements occupy 42 % and 58 % area , respectively . Furthermore one can find that the maximum magnitude of the displacement , occurring either at the very center or the outer surface of the equatorial plane , is approximately twice of the averaged magnitude of the displacement .

Real-time PCR Analysis . The sample RNA was extracted and amplified by the RT and quantitative real-time PCR ( Primerdesign Precision OneStep " qRT-PCR Mastermix ) with primer AMF ( sequence : 52 - GAGTCTTCTAACCGAGGTCGAAACGTA-32 ) , primer flu-AR ( sequence : 52 - CAAAGCGTCTACGCTGCAGTCC-32 ) and flu A ( 52 - FAM-tttgtgtttacgctcaccgt-TAMRA-32 ) probe . For control group , RNase was added for 10 minutes digestion and stopped with RNase inhibitor . Then viruses were fractured artificially by freeze-thaw treatment . We thus were able to observe that the RNA signal of virus rose after 15 cycles of the amplification . For pre-treated groups , the RNase treatment were done and stopped before 8 GHz microwave illumination in order to make sure that RNA outside the viral envelope was eliminated in the first place . For the post-treat groups , RNase was added right after the illumination . If the virus particles were fractured , the released RNA would be degraded by RNase .

To show that the investigated SRET effect can be applied to deactivate viruses other than H3N2 , we have also performed the real-time RT-PCR experiment on H1N1 virus . The result was shown in Fig . 6 ( b ) . The applied microwave frequency was 7 GHz , while the applied average microwave power density was 308 W / m 2 , corresponding to an effective electric field of 167 V / m inside the specimens . The rest of the experimental conditions were the same as that of Fig . 6 ( a ) . Similar results can be observed , indicating that the same SRET induced inactivation effect can also occurs in virus other than H3N2 .

Our result regarding the efficient SRET to inactivate virus with a low microwave power has a profound meaning . As we introduced , in the past few decades , tremendous efforts have been made to kill airborne viruses such as SARS or influenza A , which have caused catastrophic illness worldwide . Active airborne viruses are always transported inside tiny water droplets , thus similar to our experimental condition . A strategy for airborne virus epidemic prevention in open public is thus highly desired . Our finding represents the first possible mechanism to inactivate airborne viruses without affecting the open public , since the required microwave power could be within the IEEE safety standard . Comparing this work with traditional microwave thermal inactivation , previous works 27,28 used a microwaves oven with more than 100 W to heat the phage suspension . The inactivation ratio could reach almost 100 % by increasing the temperature of the phage suspension to 80 ° C . In our case , 100 % inactivation were achieved with 6.3 W ( 38 dBm ) as the input power into the horn antenna at 8.4 GHz . A power reduction by more than a factor of 15 is achieved . It is however not possible to directly compare the irradiating power density , since the irradiating area was not provided in previous literatures . Nevertheless our work still shows sharp contrast to current methodologies , including strong chemical inactivation , UV irradiation , and microwave thermal heating with 100 W microwave power 27,28 , which are not safe for the open public .

To further investigate the efficiency of this SRET effect from microwave to virus and the threshold effect , we further measured the inactivation ratio of H3N2 virus with different power densities at the resonant frequency ~ 8 GHz of the confined acoustic dipolar mode . Our theoretical model predicted an inactivation threshold field intensity of 86.9 V / m , corresponding to an average microwave power density of 82.3 W / m 2 in specimen . Since we assume all power can transmit from air to specimen , power density in air is also 82.3 W / m 2 , which is 1.48 times lower than the IEEE safety standard . Figure 5 ( b ) summarized the measured inactivation ratio for 4 different average microwave power densities of 820 , 320 , 82 , and 51 W / m 2 in air , corresponding to an effective field intensity inside samples of 274 , 171 , 87 , and 68 V / m , respectively . It is noted that the experiment with 82 W / m 2 in air was performed in a different experimental setup , as shown in Fig . 5 ( a ) . A significant threshold effect can be observed when the effective field intensity inside samples started to be on the order of or exceed the estimated threshold . A 38 % inactivation ratio can be observed with a field intensity of 87 V / m , while the inactivation ratio dropped drastically to only negligible 6 % with a slightly lower 68 V / m field intensity . With a 3 times higher field intensity than the threshold , the inactivation ratio saturated at a 100 % value . Discussions Compared with the simple theoretical model for threshold estimation as summarized in Fig . 3 ( c ) , our result agrees qualitatively and surprisingly quantitatively . First , in our experiments , we observed a strong resonant effect on the virus inactivation ratio at the dipolar oscillation frequency of 8.4 GHz , thus indicating that the observed virus inactivation after microwave illumination was due to the proposed SRET from microwave to virus through dipolar coupling . Second , at the resonant frequency , we do observe H3N2 virus inactivation by illuminating 82 W / m 2 ( lower than the IEEE safety standard in public space ) 8 GHz microwaves on our viral solution , corresponding to an average 87 V / m electric field intensity inside the solution , confirming that our proposed simple model to estimate the field threshold ( 86.9 V / m ) to structurally fracture the virus is quantitatively correct , especially combining the observed threshold effect as discussed above . With a low resonator quality factor ( around and less than 2 for H3N2 ) , we also observed virus inactivation in off-resonant frequencies ( 6 - 12 GHz ) , following a trend predicted with our model . However for off-resonant frequencies , the simple harmonic oscillator model seems to always estimate a lower threshold in the Stoke-side ( lower-frequency-side ) of the resonant frequency than the anti-Stoke-side ( high-frequency-side ) . For example , at DC ( 0 frequency ) it still predicts a relatively low threshold field magnitude to fracture the virus . This is different from our observation . We observe that the anti-Stoke-side is with a better inactivation ratio than the Stoke-side , and the source for disagreement should be the over-simplification of the adopted model .

Based on Fig . 3 ( c ) , the field intensity threshold for inactivating H3N2 virus ranges between 86.9 - 236.3 V / m , which corresponds to 82.3 - 564 W / m 2 , for microwaves between 6 and 12 GHz . Since the aperture size of our horn antenna was 9.8 cm × 7.1 cm . The required threshold power input ranges from 0.57 W to 3.92 W for 6 - 12 GHz microwaves . We thus first applied 6.3 W ( 38 dBm ) fixed microwave power , which is higher than all the threshold power input , into the horn antenna for the frequency dependency studies . After considering the transmission coefficient of our horn antenna , this experimental condition corresponded to 765 -882 W / m 2 average illuminated power density on the sample surface , corresponding to the field intensity inside the specimen of 260 - 296 V / m respectively . For 8 - 8.4 GHz microwave at the resonant frequency , the average illuminated power density was about 810 W / m 2 , equivalent to 273 V / m effective field intensity inside the sample . We thus expect to observe the inactivation effect throughout the studied spectral range . As been summarized in Fig . 4 ( b ) , a frequency dependent inactivation ratio can be observed in our experiments , with a peak located at the resonant frequency of the dipolar mode while higher than 50 % inactivation ratio can be observed throughout the studied frequency range . At 8.4 GHz , the measured titer count was zero , indicating 100 % inactivation ratio , which means that the remaining active viral concentration was smaller than the system sensitivity of 10 pfu / mL . This result indicates at least a three-order of magnitudes attenuation on the virus titer , when the microwave frequency was tuned to the dipolar mode resonant frequency with the electric field intensity 3 times higher than the threshold . The illuminated average power density was roughly 6.7 times higher than the IEEE safety standard for the 8 - 8.4 GHz cases . It is important to notice that the power density is proportional to the square of the field intensity .

Based on the IEEE Microwave Safety Standard , the spatial averaged value of the power density in air in open public space shall not exceed the equivalent power density of 100 ( f / 3 ) 1 / 5 W / m 2 at frequencies between 3 and 96 GHz ( f is in GHz ) 26 . This corresponds to 115 W / m 2 at 6 GHz , 122 W / m 2 at 8 GHz , and 127 W / m 2 at 10 GHz for averaged values of the power densities in air . Assuming all the microwave power in air 100 % transmitted into a specimen , and by taking the dielectric constant of water 71.92 ( 6 GHz ) , 67.4 ( 8 GHz ) , and 63.04 ( 10 GHz ) 25 for calculation , this safety standard then corresponds to the average electric field magnitude of 101 V / m ( 6 GHz ) , 106 V / m ( 8 GHz ) , 110 V / m ( 10 GHz ) inside the water-based specimens . It is interesting to notice that the required threshold electric field magnitudes at the resonant frequency ( 86.9 V / m ) to fracture H3N2 viruses as shown in Fig . 3 ( c ) are within the IEEE Microwave Safety Standard ( 106 V / m ) , indicating high SRET efficiency , even though the quality factor of the H3N2 virus is low .

To experimentally study the efficiency of the SRET from microwaves to CAVs of spherical viruses , influenza A virus subtype H3N2 was used . H3N2 is a subtype of influenza A virus that causes flu . Such viruses can infect birds and mammals and are increasingly abundant in seasonal influenza , which kills an estimated 6309 people in the United States each year , including pneumonia and influenza causes 21 . Based on previous studies , the averaged mass and the diameter of the H3N2 virus are 161 MDa 22 and 100 nm 23 . Here we approximate the structure of the virus as a nanosphere with a core-shell structure of opposite charge distribution . The shell ( 90 % of the total mass ) contains lipid , neuraminidase ( NA ) , hemagglutinin ( HA ) , and M-protein . The core ( 10 % of the total mass ) includes RNA and RNP . The reduced mass ( m * ) of virus is thus 14.5 MDa . From the literature 24 , force with 400 pN applied on the AFM tip can fracture the lipid envelope . Since the radius of the tip was 30 nm 24 , the threshold stress to fracture the shell was 0.141 MPa ( P stress T ) . In order to calculate the threshold magnitude of the electric field to fracture H3N2 virus following equation ( 12 ) , some important parameters such as q , Q and É 0 of the studied H3N2 virus has to be obtained by measuring the microwave absorption spectrum of viruses .

In the past few decades , tremendous efforts have been made to kill airborne viruses such as severe acute respiratory syndrome ( SARS ) coronavirus or influenza viruses , which have caused catastrophic illness worldwide . Current airborne virus epidemic prevention to be used in public space includes strong chemical inactivation , UV irradiation , and microwave thermal heating . All these methods affect the open public . In 1980s , Robach et al . 1 and Cerf 2 demonstrated that ultrasonic energy can be absorbed by viruses . In 2000 , Babincová et al . 3 hypothesized that viruses can be inactivated by generating the corresponding resonance ultrasound vibrations of viruses , which is in the GHz region . Based on this hypothesis , several groups started investigating the vibrational modes of viruses in this frequency range [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] . Recently we demonstrated that dipolar mode of the confined acoustic vibrations ( CAVs ) inside viruses can be resonantly excited by microwaves of the same frequency with a resonant microwave absorption effect 8 . The observed microwave resonance absorption phenomenon indicates a possible structure-resonant energy transfer ( SRET ) effect from electromagnetic waves ( EM waves ) to CAVs of viruses . Theoretically this SRET process is an efficient way to excite the vibrational mode of the whole virus structure due to a 100 % energy conversion of a photon into a phonon of the same frequency , but the overall SRET efficiency is also related to the mechanical properties of the surrounding environment 9 , which influences the quality factor of the oscillator ( virus ) . A study on the SRET efficiency to inactive virus is thus highly desired and it will determine if this SRET phenomenon provides a solution to inactivate airborne viruses in open public for epidemic prevention .

Another eukaryotic viral family found in one healthy dog sample was Parvoviridae , genetic analysis of the 3 contigs / singletons showed a coverage of approximately 3.5 % of the complete genome of canine parvovirus reference sequence ( NC _ 001539 ) , or 9.3 % of the polyprotetin Ns1-Ns2 .

Faecal samples were collected from eight healthy dogs ( Table 1 ) . Genetic analyses identified 659,696 contigs / singletons with no hits and 3968 contigs / singletons were classified as viral , matching to five viral families that infect eukaryotes and four that infect prokaryotes . 75.9 % ( 3012 contigs / singletons ) of the total number of viral contigs / singletons were classified as bacteriophages in the healthy canine faecal virome . Bacteriophages were detected in the faeces of all dogs in this group and belonged to Caudovirales order and Microviridae family . Viral contigs / singletons from five eukaryotic virus families were identified in faecal samples from 4 of the 8 healthy dogs ( Table 1 ) . Three out of five viral families detected were DNA viruses . Adenoviridae and Papillomaviridae were detected in a single sample containing only ( Table 1 ) , however , these were all detected in one sample . After analysis , only 76 contigs / singletons matched the reference sequence of Alphacoronavirus 1 ( Feline infectious peritonitis virus , NC _ 002306.3 ) and covered only 0.5 % of the complete genome ( minimum match : 75 % and minimum overlap : 50 ) , which represented 3.2 % of FIPV _ gp02 ( receptor binding molecule ) region .

Despite the known bias of SISPA in the resultant sequences after de novo assembly [ 36 ] , we report the number of contigs / singletons matching viral families and the subsequent analysis of alignments with the lowest common ancestor according to MEGAN V5 . 2.1 [ 37 ] .

The host and bacteria free sequence reads , were de novo assembled with MetaVelvet ( velvet 1.2 . 08 , KMER51 ) [ 67 ] using Kmer size 51 and contigs and singletons were created . These singletons were clustered with a 98 % similarity using CD-HIT-est ( version . 4.5 . 4 201 1 ) [ 68 ] ( Fig 1 ) .

All raw sequences were deposited under Bioproject ID : PRJNA380672 at NCBI database . Raw sequences were trimmed by quality score with PrinSeq software ( v0 . 20.3 ) [ 63 ] , filtering for low quality reads from both ends using the DUST score [ 64 ] with a threshold of 7 . Poly A / T tails in both ends ( ten nucleotides of each end ) and SISPA primers sequences were also removed using this software . The Mothur software v . 1.31 . 2 [ 65 ] was applied and the sequences were trimmed again , eliminating homopolymers , ambiguous bases and sequences less than 100 bp . After these trimming steps , high quality reads ( HQR ) were obtained and all bad quality reads were removed from the group file ( Fig 1 ) . Subsequently , these dog free sequences were compared against a bacterial database ( CAM-ERA prokaryotic nucleotide database 10572 . V7 , Nov 2012 ; http://camera.calit2.net/ ) [ 66 ] to eliminate bacterial sequences , using the BLASTn ( Blast 2.2 . 29 + standalone ) algorithm with an 80 % identity cut off . To extract cellular organism sequences from the group file , MEGAN V5 . 2.1 and Mothur software were used as described above ( Fig 1 ) .

Viral cDNA and genomic DNA were randomly amplified using a modified SISPA protocol [ 61 , 62 ] . Briefly , a second strand synthesis was performed with Large ( Klenow ) Fragment ( New England Biolabs ) and random hexamers ( Roche , Biosystems , 501 ⁄ 4 M ) followed by digestion of the second strand product with the restriction enzyme CviQI ( Csp6 . 1 ) , ( New England Biolabs ) . Then a CSp11 / NBam24 adaptor was ligated to the digested DNA using T4 DNA ligase ( Invitrogen ) followed by PCR amplification of the adaptor-ligated product with NBam24 PCR primers . An aliquot of the PCR product was validated on a 1 % agarose TBE gel , where a positive smear with multiple bands confirmed the random SISPA amplification of nucleic acid products .

Faecal samples from 8 dogs with an acute onset of diarrhoea ( less than 3 days of duration ) , were collected by a veterinarian from within the animal 's enclosure . All dogs with acute diarrhoea were tested for the presence of canine parvovirus antigen in faeces using the Anigen rapid CPV / CCV Ag Test kit , ( Bionote ) . Positive samples were excluded from the study .

Animals were determined to be healthy based on physical examination by a veterinarian and absence of any clinical signs of disease . Faecal consistency was considered normal as per published criteria ( Faecal scoring chart , PURINA ) , and all dogs had been treated with deworming drugs for prophylaxis ( Ilium Pyraquantal , TROY or Milbemax , Novartis ) . All samples were lifted from the floor , first thing in the morning before cleaning , during November 2012 .

In your methods section , say that you used the STROBE cross sectional reporting guidelines , and cite them as :

The authors wish to thank medical students for their participation in this study .

Targeting medical students ' behaviour should focus on the empowerment of these juniors , rather 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 F o r p e e r r e v i e w o n l y 12 than increasing their factual knowledge of procedures . Insights from the behavioural sciences may be useful to increase the self-efficacy of this important target group . Interventions using the concept of action planning have been successful in several settings 46 , including hospital care 47 and seem to be promising in this context .

As a third limitation it must be mentioned that , although we used an extended version of the Theory of Planned Behavior , potential correlates of hand hygiene compliance could be omitted . Recent studies have used more comprehensive models , such as the Theory Domains Framework 37 and the Health Action Process Approach 38 to explain hand hygiene compliance of physicians and nurses and their application in medical students could be considered . Although the addition of the Habit Scale Index did add an extra 13 % explained variance , indicating hand hygiene is a strongly habitual behavior , and interventions to improve it should not only focus on volitional construct Only a few studies on the observed hand hygiene compliance of medical students have been conducted so far , mostly looking at other factors than student behavior ( e.g. facilities ) , limiting a straightforward comparison of the results presented here 29 30 . We found that in addition to external factors such as access to facilities and compliance of superiors , student-related behavioural factors make their contribution as well .

In your methods section , say that you used the STROBE cross sectional reporting guidelines , and cite them as : For each variable of interest give sources of data and details of methods of assessment ( measurement ) . Describe comparability of assessment methods if there is more than one group . Give information separately for for exposed and unexposed groups if applicable .

In conclusion , targeting medical students ' behaviour should focus on the empowerment of these juniors and provide them with evidence on the health benefits of prevention , rather than increasing their factual knowledge of procedures . Clinical teaching environments could help them form good patient safety habits during this vital phase of their career . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 F o r p e e r r e v i e w o n l y 14 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 F o r p e e r r e v i e w o n l y 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 F o r p e e r r e v i e w o n l y 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59

The results of this study show that the hand hygiene behaviour of final year medical students , i.e. the new generation of physicians , is most strongly influenced by habit , perceived outcomes of hand hygiene and whether students feel they have the ability to perform hand hygiene in practice . Our extended behavioural model , which included attitudes , social norms , self-efficacy , knowledge , risk perception and habit , was able to explain a substantial part of the variance in self-reported compliance ( adjusted R 2 = . 401 ) .

Self-reported compliance ranged from 4.3 ( when resuming care after an interruption to 9.8 ( after direct contact with body fluids ) . Table 2 shows the behavioural correlates associated with hand hygiene compliance in medical students . The regression coefficient 2 indicates the slope of the regression-line , and gives the average increase of compliance when the variable increases by 1 . Knowledge of guidelines and risk perception explained 4.3 % of the variance of self-reported compliance ( adjusted R 2 = . 043 ) ( model 1 ) .

BSR cells were transfected with 0.6 - 1.8 mg of either pCI-NS4 , pNS4-GFP or derived deletion mutants , using Lipofectamine 2000 ( Invitrogen ) according to the manufacturer 's instructions .

CaKoV was detected by RT-PCR with a primer pair ( Forward ; 52 - CTCCCCTCAGCTGCCTTCTC-3 , Reverse ; 52 - GAGGATCTGAAATTTGGAAG-32 ) that was amplified at nucleotide positions 7,368 - 7,619 ( a partial 3 D gene ) of CaKoV 12 D049 ( KF924623 ) [ 4 ] , providing a 252 - bp fragment , using a QIAGEN One Step RT-PCR kit ( Qiagen science ) . Two point five μl of the extracted RNA was added to the 25 μl reaction mixtures containing 5 μl of 5 × buffer ( finally 1.5 mM MgCl 2 ) , 0.4 mM of each deoxynucleozide triphosphate , 10 U RNase inhibitor ( Promega , Madison , WI , U.S.A. ) , 0.8 μM of the primers and 1.0 μl of enzyme mix . The RNA was reverse transcribed at 50 ° C for 30 min , followed by inactivation of reverse transcriptase and denaturation of cDNA template at 95 ° C for 15 min . The cDNA was amplified in 35 sequential cycles of denaturation at 94 ° C for 30 sec , annealing at 52 ° C for 30 sec and extension at 72 ° C for 40 sec , followed by a final extension of 72 ° C for 7 min .

In Japan , viruses similar to CaKoV have been detected in abundance together with the Aichi virus in sludge from wastewater treatment plants , suggesting the presence of Ca-KoV [ 28 ] . However , to the best of our knowledge , there are no reports of CaKoV detection in Japanese dogs .

In 2011 , Kapoor et al . [ 13 ] reported a virus related to the Aichi virus obtained from dog feces in the United States , which was the first report of its kind to suggest canine kobuvirus infection and was termed canine kobuvirus ( CaKoV ) . CaKoV is classified as Aichivirus A species together with the Aichi virus , as well as kobuviruses isolated from cats and mice [ 7 , 14 ] . Later , CaKoV was reported to be isolated from dogs in Italy , the United Kingdom , Korea , China and Tanzania [ 2 , 4 , 5 , 10 ] . Furthermore , gene analysis showed the presence of viruses very closely related to CaKoV in canidae animals , such as jackal and fox , and the Hyaenidae [ 8 , 18 ] .

When the 35 RT-PCR positive samples of the diarrheal household dogs were examined for other diarrheagenic viruses , CCoV-I , CCoV-II and CDV were detected in 21 , 15 and 5 samples , respectively , while CAdV-1 and CRV were not detected . None of these 5 viruses were detected in 7 samples ( 20.0 % ) ( data not shown ) .

What about super-resistant bacteria ? In general , the literature describes the pathology caused by pyogenic bacteria , whether gram-positive cocci or gram-negative bacilli , as a suppurative inflammatory process , which is indistinguishable between agents regardless of antimicrobial susceptibility profiles . 10 In particular , I disagree with this point of view , at least partially . Little is known about the pathology of multidrug-resistant bacteria , and studies-even case reports-are extremely welcome as is Larry Nichols '

Eliminating NTD epidemics by 2030 requires setting an agenda to meet specific and actionable NTD targets over time . If we focus on all diseases and methods simultaneously , only marginal impact can be attained . Selecting priorities will facilitate more significant achievements . NTD policy aimed at specific targets requires decisions about the balance between funding research , development , treatments , and preventative measures ; which diseases to focus on , in what order , how much attention to pay to each ; what constraints the agenda must respect ; and who will have a voice in agenda setting . Scientists ought to acknowledge the need to set priorities to achieve goals ; the importance of collaborating with public health experts , policy makers and communities to make substantial progress toward eliminating NTDs ; and the inherently value-laden nature of priority setting . Only through explicitly setting priorities will effective and sustainable policies be achieved over time .

We screened archived enteric samples ( stools and rectal swabs ) collected at the Department of Veterinary Medicine , University of Bari , Italy , during 2010 - 2015 for CBuV . The samples had been obtained from pups and young dogs ( < 1 year of age ) . We screened 81 samples from animals with Novel Parvovirus in Dogs signs of gastroenteritis ( collection EIS ) and 78 samples of animals without clinical signs ( collection EIA ) . We also searched for CBuV DNA in a collection of enteric samples from pups and young dogs ( < 1 year of age ) either with gastroenteritis ( collection EHS ) or without clinical signs of gastroenteritis ( collection EHA ) , obtained in Hungary in 2012 and available at the Institute of Veterinary Medical Research , Hungarian Academy of Science , Budapest . We screened 40 samples from healthy animals and 20 samples from animals with clinical signs .

In addition , we designed specific primers ( CPPV 165 F 52 CTGGTTTAATCCAGCAGACT 32 and CPPV 371 R 52 TGAAGACCAAGGTAGTAGGT 32 ) to amplify and sequence a 207 - nt fragment of VP2 . We used the AccuPrime Taq DNA polymerase ( Life Technologies ) for PCR amplification . Cycling thermal conditions included initial activation of the polymerase at 94 ° C for 2 min , 45 cycles at 94 ° C for 30 s , 53 ° C for 30 s , and 72 ° C for 30 s , followed by final extension at 72 ° C for 10 min .

We subjected samples containing genome copies > 10 3 DNA copies / 10 1 ⁄ 4 L of template to PCR amplification with primers CPPV 165 F and CPPV 371 R , which amplify a 207 - nt fragment of VP2 . We successfully sequenced 12 samples , yielding amplicons of the expected size in PCR and confirming the specificity of the qPCR .

Upon phylogenetic analysis ( Figure 2 ) , the CBuV strains segregated into a well-defined group ( bootstrap value 100 ) , encompassing parvoviruses identified in rats , bats , pigs , and primates . The closest relatives within this group were parvoviruses from humans , commonly called human bufaviruses ( 16 , 17 ) , and parvoviruses detected in monkeys ( Macaca mulatta ) ( 18 ) and pigs ( 19 ) .

We successfully determined the complete coding genome sequence of 2 additional CBuV strains of enteric origin , HUN / 2012 / 22 ( GenBank accession no . MF198245 ) and HUN / 2012 / 126 ( GenBank accession no . MF198246 ) ; the sequence was 4,219 nt ( 4,463 and 4,308 nt with the partial UTRs , respectively ) . Overall , the 3 CBuV strains displayed 99.8 % -99.9 % nt identity to each other , with only 1 nonsilent mutation in the NS1 protein and 1 nonsilent mutation in the VP2 protein .

We determined the nearly complete genome ( 4,537 nt ) of the CBuV strain ITA / 2011 / 297 - 15 , including a partial 52 untranslated region ( UTR ) ( 310 nt ) , the complete NS1 sequence ( 638 aa ) , the complete VP1 ( 710 aa ) and VP2 ( 568 aa ) sequences , and a partial 32 UTR ( 8 nt ) . The genome coding sequence , excluding the terminal UTR regions , was 4,219 nt ( GenBank accession no . MF198244 ) . The genome contained 2 major open reading frames ( ORFs ) ; the left ORF , coding for NS1 , was 1,917 nt and the right ORF , encoding VP1 and VP2 , was 2,316 nt ( Figure 1 , panel A ) . Full-genome sequence alignment showed a high degree of sequence divergence , up to 58 % overall nucleotide identity to most parvoviruses but not bufaviruses . CBuV was more closely related to bufaviruses identified in primates ( 61.6 % -63.2 % nt similarity ) , pigs ( 59.6 % nt ) , and bats ( 58 % nt ) ( 16 ) ( 17 ) ( 18 ) ( 19 ) ( 20 ) and more distantly related to CPV-2 ( 45 % nt ) ( online Technical Appendix Table , https://wwwnc.cdc.gov/EID/article/24/6/17-1965-Techapp1.pdf ) . The putative bufavirus NS1 start codon was located in a strong Kozak sequence , ACCATGG . The ATP-or GTPbinding Walker loop motif ( GXXXXGK [ T / S ] ) was found in NS1 ( 405 - GPASTGKS-412 ) ( 21 ) . In addition , the NS1 contained 2 conserved replication initiator motifs , GLHF-HVLLQ and IVRYFLTKQP ( boldface type indicates conserved amino acids ) ( 22 ) . We generated an nt and aa sequence identity matrix . NS1 showed < 69.4 % nt and 51.4 % aa identity with other parvovirus NS1 sequences , including its closest relatives in the Parvovirus genus ( online Technical Appendix Table ) .

We retrieved genome sequences of protoparvovirus strains from GenBank and aligned them using the Clustal Omega tool from the European Molecular Biology Laboratory ( https://www.ebi.ac.uk/Tools/msa/clustalo/ ) . We conducted sequence and phylogenetic analyses in Geneious version 9.1 . 8 ( Biomatters Ltd . , Auckland , New Zealand ) ; we used the neighbor-joining method , Jukes-Cantor genetic distance model , and bootstrapping for < 1,000 replicates .

3.5 × 10 6 3.2 × 10 6 HRV-76 1.9 × 10 4 HRV-2 3.2 × 10 4 HRV-9 5.6 × 10 5

Of the 100 bats tested , 67 ( 67 % ) were negative against all antigens ( Fig 1 ) , whereas 33 bats showed titers against one or more antigens . Unique reactivity to single proteins was observed for H3 ( n = 1 ) , H5 ( n = 1 ) and H8 ( n = 1 , titer : 42 ) . We found no significant differences in seropositivity between sexes , age groups , sampling season and - year , respectively ( Table 2 ) .

Fluorescent signals were measured with a Powerscanner ( Tecan Group Ltd , Männedorf , Switzerland ) and converted into titers as described before [ 12 , 13 ] . The detection capacity of the PA spanned a titer range from 40 to 2560 . Samples showing no antibody reactivity were regarded as negative and were assigned a titer of 20 ( half of the starting dilution ) . As we were unable to formally calculate a cut-off based on confirmed influenza A-positive and negative bat sera due to unavailability of such materials , an arbitrary cut-off of 40 was chosen , similarly to previous work [ 12 ] . Hence , samples displaying a dilution curve resulting in a titer of 40 were interpreted as positive . Comparisons of seropositivity between sexes , age groups , sampling seasons and-years , respectively , were performed using Chi 2 - or Fisher 's exact test in RStudio ( Version 0.98 . 507 , Boston , MA , USA ) with a significance level of 0.05 .

Serum samples ( n = 100 ) from straw-colored fruit bats ( Eidolon helvum , Pteropodidae ) were collected in 2009 ( n = 81 ) and 2010 ( n = 19 ) in Kumasi Zoo in Ghana . Although sampling was performed at Kumasi Zoo , all bats included in this study belonged to a wild , migratory colony roosting in trees on site at the time of sample collection .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint . https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.02. 18.200 24414 doi : medRxiv preprint isolation . Yet , we advise not to overinterpret the values of these fit parameters , as many different parameter values generate similar developments of confirmed cases .

The model further suggests that the public response to the epidemic and the containment measures put in place by the Chinese administration were effective despite the increase in confirmed cases . That this behavior was universally observed in all provinces also indicates that mitigation strategies were universally effective . Based on our analysis , we argue that the implemented containment strategies should stay in effect for a longer time than the incubation period after the saturation in confirmed cases sets in for this particular outbreak .

In order to stress the general importance of public containment measures and to clarify to what extent quarantine is connected to case confirmation we also analyzed a model variant where ( i ) the general public and infecteds are removed from . CC-BY-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a author / funder , who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity .

A detailed analysis of the obtained values for quarantine probability Q and public containment leverage P indicates that a wide range of these parameters can account for similar shapes of the respective case counts . Consequently , the model is structurally stable with respect to these parameters and the numerical value is of less importance than the quality of the mechanism they control ( see App . A ) .

We assume that a small number of infected individuals travelled from Hubei to each of the other affected provinces before traffic restrictions were effective but at a time when containment measures were just being implemented . Fig . 2 illustrates the degree to which the case count for Hubei province and the aggregated case count for all other provinces is captured by the SIR-X model as defined by Eqs . ( 1 ) - ( 3 ) .

The key mechanism at work in the model defined by Eqs . ( 1 ) - ( 3 ) is the exponentially fast depletion of susceptibles in addition to isolation of infecteds . This effect is sufficient to account for the observed scaling law in the number of confirmed cases for a plausible range of rate parameters as discussed below .

is the ( which was not peer-reviewed ) The copyright holder for this preprint . https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.02. 18.200 24414 doi : medRxiv preprint behavioral changes in response to an epidemic . The case o = 0 corresponds to a scenario in which symptomatic infecteds are not isolated specifically . Note that infecteds are always removed from their compartment I at a higher rate than susceptibles as 2 + o + o 0 > o 0 .

The case-patient was asked to report his medical and exposure history , health care-seeking behaviors , job-related activities , and social activities during the 14 days before illness onset . HCP , household , and community contacts answered standard questionnaires covering basic demographic information ; infection control practices when in contact with the case-patient ; type , length , and frequency of contacts with the case-patient ; chronic medical conditions ; and symptoms since first exposure to the patient .

Duration of exposure was determined by asking contacts how much time they had spent with the case-patient . Duration of exposure was also calculated from GPS records .

In summary , we conducted a thorough contact investigation of this MERS case , including a detailed characterization of the type , duration , and frequency of exposures among HCP , household , and community contacts and testing of contacts for acute disease and asymptomatic infection . We documented the absence of transmission of MERS-CoV from the first identified imported case-patient in the United States despite his having multiple contacts at home and in the hospital before the implementation of appropriate infection control procedures . In addition , our comparison of GPS-monitored contact with HCP recall of contact calls into question the accuracy of information collected by recall during a contact investigation because not all HCP reported information could be confirmed by the GPS tracer tag logs . Although factors leading to MERS-CoV transmission are likely to be complex , additional information is needed regarding the natural history of the illness , in terms of virus shedding , modes of transmission , the role of asymptomatic infections in transmission , effective infection control practices , and the length and types of exposures that do and do not lead to transmission of the virus .

Of the 7 household contacts , 5 permanently resided in the house where the case-patient stayed in the United States , and 2 were visiting from Massachusetts . One household contact was also an HCP contact and was included in both categories . All household contacts had minimal exposure to the case-patient during DOI 7 - 10 because he had isolated himself during most of his stay . Three household contacts reported hugging and kissing him on the day he arrived ( DOI 7 ) and spending a few hours in the car with him before hospital admission ( DOI 7 - 10 ) . Coryza , but not fever , developed in 2 household contacts ; 1 of these contacts tested positive for rhinovirus .

Nasopharyngeal and oropharyngeal swab samples were tested at the ISDH laboratory , Massachusetts Department of Public Health , Illinois Department of Public Health , or CDC within 72 hours of collection . Stool and urine samples were tested at the ISDH laboratory , and serum samples were tested at CDC .

Reassortant viruses were identified following coinfection with the two human ICV , C / JHB and C / Tay , despite our inability to assign a parent virus for five of the 7 segments due to high se- C / Tay ( 4 ) ; NI ( 6 ) NI ( 10 ) C / Tay ( 10 ) NI ( 10 ) quence identity . Only the P3 and P42 segments were divergent enough to conclusively determine lineage . All P42 segments were derived from C / Tay , while only 3 / 10 viruses had P3 segments derived from C / Tay . Reassortant viruses were also identified following coinfection of cells with the two nonhuman ICV , C / OK and C / 660 , representing at least 7 distinct genotypes ( see Fig . S1A in the supplemental material ) . In contrast , coinfection of cells with pairwise combinations of human and nonhuman ICV failed to yield reassortant viruses . In all four instances , all segments from all viruses were derived from the nonhuman ICV ( C / OK or C / 660 ) . Consistent with these results , coinfection of cells with all four viruses gave reassortant viruses with segments derived from C / OK and C / 660 ( see Fig . S1B ) . A second reassortment experiment was performed with C / JHB and C / OK using increased MOIs and an increased ratio of C / JHB to C / OK . Cells were coinfected with both C / JHB and C / OK with an MOI of 1.0 : 0.1 , 1.0 : 1.0 , or 10.0 : 1.0 ; as in the first reassortment experiment , all segments from all plaques isolated from cells coinfected with C / JHB and C / OK were derived from C / OK . Eighteen , 16 , and 18 plaques , respectively , were analyzed by genome sequencing . Similar to the previous reassortment experiment , all segments were derived from C / OK .

Two representative human ICV ( C / Taylor / 1947 [ C / Tay ] and C / Johannesburg / 66 [ C / JHB ] ) , the swine C / OK , and the bovine C / 660 were chosen . Selection of bovine C / 660 over other bovine C / OK isolates is due to considerations that this virus encodes a slightly divergent HEF protein . ST cells were coinfected with a multiplicity of infection of 0.1 for each virus with all pairwise combinations of virus , with all four viruses , or , as a control , cells were also inoculated singly with each virus ( Table 1 ) . Ten plaques from each well containing multiple viruses were analyzed by full genome sequencing to allow determination of segment parentage . The donor virus for each segment was determined for each plaque-purified virus using criteria of at least 99.5 % identity . Due to the high similarity between the two human and also the two nonhuman viruses , the parent donor virus for every segment could not be determined .

Phylogenetic analysis . To further understand viral evolution , we performed phylogenetic analysis of bovine C / OK virus and representative influenza A , B , and C viruses as well as other members of the Orthomyxoviridae family , Thogoto virus and infectious salmon anemia virus ( Fig . 3 ) . All seven segments were analyzed individually using maximum likelihood analysis . All segments for C / 628 , C / 660 , and C / 729 were closely related to C / OK . C / OK , C / 628 , C / 660 , and C / 729 clustered most closely to human ICV , suggesting that these viruses diverged from human ICV after the divergence from ancestral IAV and IBV . Despite reports of frequent reassortment between ICV ( 19 ) , all segments of the bovine ICV were highly homologous to C / OK , and there was no evidence of reassortment with human ICV . These findings led us to hypothesize that the C / OK clade of viruses is unable to reassort with human ICV . In vitro reassortment . To test our hypothesis and determine whether C / OK and the bovine ICV viruses are able to reassort with human ICV , an in vitro reassortment experiment was performed . Elucidation of reassortment between C / OK and human ICV enabled us determine whether this novel virus utilizes reassortment as a potential mechanism for viral evolution and production of new antigenic variants that may pose a threat to human and animal health . Another purpose of this experiment was to gain more evidence toward understanding the taxonomic status of C / OK virus , because , by definition , all members of an influenza virus genus can reassort with each other and give viable progeny ( 4 ) .

Text S1 , DOC file , 0.1 MB . Figure S1 , PDF file , 2.3 MB . Figure S2 , PDF file , 1.5 MB . Figure S3 , DOC file , 0.1 MB . Figure S4 , DOC file , 0.1 MB . Figure S5 , PDF file , 0.2 MB .

A second reassortment experiment was performed under conditions designed to optimize reassortment between C / JHB and C / OK . Cells were coinfected with both C / JHB and C / OK with either an MOI of 1.0 : 0.1 , 1.0 : 1.0 , or 10.0 : 1.0 , as described above . After 3 days , cell culture supernatants were serially diluted and plated onto a monolayer of ST cells with an agar overlay , and after an additional 1 to 3 days , individual plaques were picked and expanded on ST cells . Twenty plaques were expanded for each reassortment experiment .

Next-generation sequencing of the viral transcriptome . Swine testicle cells were infected with swine C / OK at an MOI of 0.1 . Total cellular RNA was isolated from mock-infected cells ( 0 h ) and infected cells at 18 h and 36 h postinfection , respectively , with TRIZOL followed by RNA purification with ethanol . RNA quality was tested using a Bioanalyzer 2100 ( Agilent , Palo Alto , CA ) and then processed for cDNA library construction by using a cDNA library prep kit ( catalog number FC-122-1001 ; Illumina Inc . ) according to the manufacturer 's instruction . cDNA library construction and all other procedures were conducted in Genomics Core Research Facility ( GCRF ) at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln ( UNL ) . Briefly , mRNAs were purified from the total RNA using oligo ( dT ) magnetic beads followed by fragmentation . The resultant mRNAs were reverse transcribed to cDNAs that were subjected to an end repair process followed by ligation to the adapters . After separation in agarose gel through electrophoresis , cDNA fragments with a size of about 200 bp were excised , extracted , and amplified by PCR using two primers that match the ends of adaptors . PCR-enriched samples were then sequenced by an Illumina Genome Analyzer IIx ( GA IIx ) sequencer in the GCRF at UNL .

Until recently , ICV was thought to consist of a single subtype and possess the lowest rate of evolution among the various genera of influenza viruses ( 10 ) . ICV , unlike IAV , is thought to exist in a human reservoir and has previously only rarely been shown to infect alternative species , such as pigs and dogs ( 7 , 9 , 21 ) . Despite the presence of multiple cocirculating lineages , ICV are relatively genetically homogenous and thought to be near evolutionary equilibrium in humans ( 22 ) . A recently isolated influenza C-like virus raised many questions about whether our understanding of ICV was correct . This virus , C / OK , was isolated from a pig in Oklahoma displaying influenza virus-like illness ( 8 ) . Genetic analysis found only moderate ( ~ 53 % ) similarity to human influenza C viruses . Additionally , serological analysis found that antibodies against C / OK failed to recognize IAV , IBV , or human ICV . This virus also displayed phenotypes of broad cell tropism and had permissive growth at 37 ° C , which further distinguish this novel virus from human ICV . C / OK was provisionally identified as a subtype of ICV primarily due to its overall genetic organization ( 7 RNA segments ) and both coding and noncoding region similarities to ICV . Despite these , the numerous incongruities observed with C / OK warranted further investigation . Previous serological results using both human and swine sera found that approximately 1 and 10 % , respectively , were positive for antibodies to C / OK , with low titers ( HI range of 10 to 40 ) . Infrequent isolation of C / OK virus from pigs plus a lower percentage of RT-PCR samples positive to C / OK virus ( ý0 . 1 % ) during the routine testing of nasal swabs from pigs challenged a theory that that swine is the primary host of C / OK virus . Based on these results , we suspected an alternate reservoir for this virus . Screening of a bovine serum panel representing animals from multiple states and production conditions ( cow-calf and dairy ) identified widespread , high antibody titers to C / OK viruses , suggesting that bovines may represent the reservoir to this virus . Serologically , the magnitude and percent positive for HI titers were similar to values reported for wild waterfowl , the established reservoir of IAV ( 23 ) . Previous studies have shown that bovines are susceptible to IAV infection , and multiple subtypes of IAV have been isolated from cattle ( 24 ) . Correlations have also been shown between IAV antibodies and respiratory disease and reduced milk yield ( 25 , 26 ) . Antibodies to IAV , IBV , and ICV have all been reported in cattle ( 27 ) ; however , the percentage of infected animals and titers were considerably lower than reported here for C / OK virus .

presence of a visible white precipitation line between antigen and antiserum wells ; ê , absence of a visible white precipitation line between antigen and antiserum wells . b The same protocol to produce viral antigens was employed to prepare supernatants collected from uninfected cells .

The finding of reassortant viruses between the human viruses C / JHB and C / Tay as well as between the animal viruses C / OK and C / 660 and the lack of reassortment between human and animal ICV suggests that human and animal ICV are unable to reassort and generate viable progeny . The failure to identify viable reassortant viruses provides the first functional evidence that this new group of viruses is genetically distinct from human ICV and represents a new genus of influenza virus in the Orthomyxoviridae family .

Based on the hydrolysis of fluorogenic succinyl-Leu-Leu-Val-Tyr-7-amido-4-methylcoumarin ( suc-LLVY-AMC ) peptides , the chymotrypsin-like activity of proteasomes was measured to determine their proteolytic activity . A suc-LLVY-AMC hydrolysis assay was carried out using purified proteasome and 12.5 1 ⁄ 4 M suc-LLVY-AMC ( Enzo Life Sciences ) in assay buffer ( 50 mM Tris-HCl pH 7.5 , 1 mM EDTA , 1 mg / mL BSA , 1 mM ATP , and 1 mM DTT ) . The Ub-rho110 hydrolysis reaction was carried out using proteasomes or USP14 activated by vme-proteasomes , along with 20 nM or 100 nM Ub-rho110 in the presence or absence of 1 1 ⁄ 4 g / mL ( equivalent to 33 nM ) RNA aptamers . RNA aptamers were incubated with proteasomes for 5 min before they were added to substrates . To examine the effects of RNA aptamers on USP14 , RNA aptamers were incubated with USP14 for 5 min , then with vme-proteasomes for 5 min , before they were added to substrates . UCHL3 and USP47 were kindly provided by Eunice Eun-Kyeong Kim ; USP5 was provided by Kyeong Kyu Kim . Proteasomal activity and deubiquitinating activity were monitored by measuring free AMC or rho110 fluorescence , respectively , in black 96 - well plates using a TECAN infinite m200 fluorometer .

In general , USP14 and UCH37 ensure that short or non-degradable Ub chains from substrates are released from the proteasome . The small molecule inhibitor of USP14 , IU1 , was identified by high-throughput screening , and found to enhance proteasomal degradation of target substrates in vitro and in vivo 7 . In vitro assays using Ub-Sic1 and Ub-tau with USP14 aptamers ( Fig . 3 C , D ) indicated that elevated proteasomal activity might be due to catalytically inhibiting Ub chain-trimming of the proteasome substrate . The effects of USP14 aptamers on in vitro Ub degradation were more prominent when proteasomes were saturated with recombinant USP14 than when they were not . The different responses of Ub-Sic1 and Ub-tau to USP14 aptamers suggests that chain-trimming may not be a universal mechanism for regulating the rate of protein turnover . The weak response of tau proteins to USP14 inhibition suggests that their Ub chains have a higher binding affinity to the 26 S proteasome compared with those of Sic1 23 . The USP14 aptamers enhance proteasomal degradation ; however , it remains to be determined what features of Ub substrates , or whether the geometric morphology of polyUb chains affects degradation .

We identified three RNA aptamers that specifically bind to USP14 , a proteasome-associated DUB . These USP14-specific aptamers effectively inhibited deubiquitinating activity and enhanced proteasome activity in vitro . Cells treated with the aptamers showed facilitated degradation of soluble tau , delayed accumulation of tau aggregates , and enhanced cellular resistance to proteotoxic stress ( Fig . 4 ) . Treatment of cells with IU1 and USP14 aptamers yielded similar results , suggesting that activation of cellular proteasomes is possible through USP14 inhibition . RNA aptamers have some advantages over small molecules as therapeutic agents , and our findings suggest that USP14 aptamers could be used in the treatment of diseases associated with abnormal proteasome function .

Tau degradation assays . An inducible tau cell line ( HEK293-trex-htau40 ) 25 was transfected with USP14 aptamers and treated with various concentrations of Dox . After 24 h , whole-cell lysates were prepared in RIPA buffer and used for immunoblotting . Where necessary , cells were treated with 80 1 ⁄ 4 g / mL cycloheximide ( CHX ) ( Enzo Life Sciences ) before harvesting . For SDS-PAGE , each lane was loaded with the extract from an equal cell number , generally corresponding to 10 - 20 1 ⁄ 4 g / lane , or 1 / 10 of the sample recovered from one well of a 6 - well plate .

Assessment of cell viability . Cell viability was assessed using a modified 3 - ( 4,5 - dimethylthiazol-2-yl ) -2,5 - diphenyltetrazolium bromide ( MTT ) assay 24 . HeLa cell cultures that were approximately 90 % confluent in 96 - well plates were treated with control or USP14 aptamers complexed with Lipofectamine 2000 at various concentrations ( up to 50 1 ⁄ 4 g / mL ) for 4 h . We then added 10 1 ⁄ 4 L of MTT solution to each well and incubated plates at 37 ° C / 5 % CO 2 for 2.5 h . Media was discarded and 200 1 ⁄ 4 L of dimethyl sulfoxide was added to each well and plates were incubated for 30 min at RT . The absorbance of the solution at 570 and 630 nm was determined . Triplicate wells were assayed for each condition . Cell survival was also assessed when tau was induced by Dox , and when oxidative stress was induced by paraquat . Inducible tau cell lines were incubated with Dox ( 250 pg / mL ) and paraquat ( 1 mM ) for 3 h and then transfected with USP14 aptamers .

The ubiquitin-proteasome system ( UPS ) is the primary mechanism by which intracellular proteins , transcription factors , and many proteotoxic proteins with aggregation-prone structures are degraded . The UPS is reportedly downregulated in various neurodegenerative disorders , with increased proteasome activity shown to be beneficial in many related disease models . Proteasomes function under tonic inhibitory conditions , possibly via the ubiquitin chain-trimming function of USP14 , a proteasome-associated deubiquitinating enzyme ( DUB ) . We identified three specific RNA aptamers of USP14 ( USP14-1 , USP14-2 , and USP14-3 ) that inhibited its deubiquitinating activity . The nucleotide sequences of these non-cytotoxic USP14 aptamers contained conserved GGAGG motifs , with G-rich regions upstream , and similar secondary structures . They efficiently elevated proteasomal activity , as determined by the increased degradation of small fluorogenic peptide substrates and physiological polyubiquitinated Sic1 proteins . Additionally , proteasomal degradation of tau proteins was facilitated in the presence of the UPS14 aptamers in vitro . Our results indicate that these novel inhibitory UPS14 aptamers can be used to enhance proteasome activity , and to facilitate the degradation of proteotoxic proteins , thereby protecting cells from various neurodegenerative stressors . / nProteasomes are the primary proteolytic machinery used by cells for homeostasis of various regulatory proteins . This catabolic process is mainly mediated by ubiquitin ( Ub ) - dependent proteolysis , but when the proteins are intrinsically disordered proteins , they can be degraded by proteasomes in a Ub-independent manner 1 . The 26 S proteasome is a multimeric complex , composed of a 28 - subunit core particle ( CP or 20 S complex ) and a 19 - subunit regulatory particle ( RP , PA700 , or 19 S complex ) 2 . The RP recognizes the polyubiquitin ( polyUb ) chains of its substrates , deubiquitinates them before proteasomal proteolysis is initiated , and translocates the substrates to the catalytic cavity of the CP . / nThe ubiquitin-proteasome system ( UPS ) appears to have its own quality control mechanisms , one of which is accomplished by the proteasome-associated deubiquitinating enzymes ( DUBs ) USP14 and UCH37 3 . UPS14 interacts with RPN1 , while UCH37 binds to ADRM1 / RPN13 4,5 . Both are located on the RP , relatively far from the substrate entry pore and the Ub receptors RPN1 and RPN10 . UPS14 and UCH37 are thought to mediate stepwise disassembly of the Ub chain from the distal end 6 . This " chain-trimming " effect can delay proteasomal degradation by weakening the interaction between the Ub receptors of the proteasomes , and the polyUb chains of the substrates . Deletion of the USP14 gene , or chemical treatment with USP14 inhibitors , results in accelerated proteasomal degradation of various target substrates 7 . These findings suggest that USP14 is a potential therapeutic target for treating diseases where toxic proteins accumulate . However , it has also been reported that the trimming of Ub chains might promote proteasomal degradation 8 . The mechanism regulating this remains to be elucidated , but probably involves the rate of Ub chain-trimming on the proteasome in coordination with substrate translocation . / nAptamers are molecules composed of single-stranded nucleic acids ( 15 - 50 bases ) that have been generated by an in vitro selection process from a large pool of random sequences . This technique is known as systemic evolution of ligands by exponential enrichment ( SELEX ) 9,10 . Since the introduction of SELEX technology , a wide range of biological targets , including small molecules , peptides , proteins , nucleic acids , cells , tissues and organisms , have been reported to bind to aptamers with high specificity . Aptamers are often referred to as " chemical antibodies , " and are one of only a few classes of biomolecules that can be manufactured to bind to multiple different targets . RNA aptamers have been isolated and shown to have stable conformations in vivo , following some modification . They can specifically bind to proteins such as human immunodeficiency virus Tat 11 , reverse transcriptase 12 , hepatitis C virus NS3 protease / helicase 13,14 , NS5B RNA-dependent RNA polymerase 15 , and severe acute respiratory syndrome NTPase / helicase 16 . In addition , RNA aptamers can bind to prostate cancer cells through the extracellular portion of the prostate-specific membrane antigen 17 , and to brain tissue 18 . / nAptamers that bind to specific proteins can repress the enzymatic activity of those proteins or protein-protein interactions . The active sites or interacting motifs usually offer more exposed heteroatoms , which mediates hydrogen bonds or other strong interactions with the aptamers 19 . For therapeutic applications , inhibitory aptamers are often chemically modified to be resistant to degradation mediated by serum . The age-related macular degeneration drug pegaptanib is a 27 - nt aptamer that targets vascular endothelial growth factor . It is conjugated with 40 kDa polyethylene glycol and contains inverted nucleotides at the 32 terminus 20 . Considering the rapid progress in aptamer biology and related technologies , aptamers are now considered essential for understanding and modulating various pathophysiological processes . / nTo overcome the limitation of small-molecule USP14 inhibitors , we identified three novel USP14-binding RNA aptamers that suppressed the deubiquitinating activity of USP14 in vitro . Consistent with the effects of USP14 upon the proteasome , these USP14 aptamers enhanced proteasome activity , and facilitated the degradation of Alzheimer 's disease ( AD ) - implicated tau proteins . The inhibitory USP14 aptamers were non-cytotoxic and effectively relieved proteopathic stress in cultured cells . Therefore , UPS14 aptamers could offer an interesting alternative to delay the aggregation process of toxic , aggregation-prone proteins .

The herbal extracts of YPFS , AR , AMR , and SR , were prepared according to the method described in our previous study [ 9 ] . Two approaches were chosen to control the quality of YPFS : chemical fingerprinting and minimal-marker requirement . The known chemicals were identified in fingerprints , and we selected 15 chemical markers from YPFS decoction : ( 1 ) AR-derived flavonoids : calycosin-7-O-b-D-glucoside , calycosin , ononin , and formononetin ; ( 2 ) AR-derived saponins : astragaloside IV , III , and II ; ( 3 ) AMR-derived sesquiterpenoids : atractylenolide I , II , and III ; ( 4 ) SR-derived chromones prim-O-glucosylcimifugin and 5 - Omethylvisammioside ; and ( 5 ) SR-derived coumarins : scopoletin , isopsoralen , and psoralen ( see Table 1 of Du et al . , 2013 ) . In this study , we evaluated the biological functions of these selected herbal extracts . The established chemical parameters served as the control for repeatability of the below biochemical analyses . The cytotoxicity of all the herbal extracts in cultures were tested , the results of which were consistence with our previous study [ 9 ] . Thus , the maximum dose of all extracts could be at 3 mg / mL in the following experiments .

LPS , dexamethasone , Bay 11 - 7082 , and p-nitrophenyl phosphate ( pNPP ) were purchased from Sigma ( St . Louis , MO ) ; all chemicals were . 98 % pure . Various culture media and supplements were obtained from Invitrogen Technologies ( Carlsbad , CA ) . Fetal calf serum was from Hyclone ( Thermo Fisher Scientific , Waltham , MA ) . Antibodies against iNOS and COX-2 were purchased from Abcam ( Cambridge , UK ) and Cayman ( Ann Arbor , MI ) respectively . The antibody against glyceraldehyde 3 phosphate dehydrogenase ( GAPDH ) was obtained from Abcam Ltd . The enhanced chemiluminescence ( ECL ) reagent was purchased from Amersham Biosciences ( Piscataway , NJ ) . Penicillin , streptomycin , and horseradish peroxidase ( HRP ) - conjugated anti-mouse secondary antibodies were purchased from Invitrogen Technologies .

The complexity of TCM herbal decoctions is a major obstacle in the internationalization of Chinese medicine , and the complexity hinders the discovery of the mechanisms by which TCM functions as a therapeutic agent in disease treatment . In our laboratory , a systematic approach to study TCM formulae has been successfully developed using distinct methods based on The Duality of YPFS in Treating IBD PLOS ONE | www . plosone . org chemical and biological assessments . In the last few years , we have used these methods to standardize herbs , to verify herbal formulae , and to study the mechanisms of action of various herbal decoctions , e.g. Danggui Buxue Tang , Fo Shou San , and Kaixin San [ 24 ] [ 25 ] [ 26 ] [ 27 ] . These systematic approaches were applied in this study on YPFS to uncover the underlying mechanism in cultures by which YPFS functions in clinical treatment of IBD .

Previously , we demonstrated that YPFS exhibited a dual effect in regulating cytokine expression and , in parallel , potently activated NF-kB [ 9 ] . Here , we further investigated the inductive effects of YPFS on expression of iNOS , a downstream regulator of NF-kB . Treatment with YPFS induced iNOS expression in a dosedependent manner , the effects of which were , 2 - and , 40 - fold of increase measured for mRNA and protein levels , respectively ( Fig . 4 A , 4 B , and 4 C ) . SR robustly induced iNOS mRNA and protein expression , almost 40 and 350 folds , respectively ( Fig . 4 A , 4 B , and 4 D ) ; however , AMR did not exhibit a strong inductive effect after treatment for 24 hours , whereas AR increased iNOS mRNA expression , 2 folds and protein expression , 10 folds ( Fig . 4 A , 4 B , and 4 D ) . LPS induced iNOS expression markedly ( Fig . 4 A , 4 B , and 4 D ) and served as a positive control . To further investigate the underlying mechanism of action of these herbs , we used a specific NF-kB inhibitor , Bay 11 - 7082 . Treatment with Bay 11 - 7082 partially blocked YPFS-induced iNOS expression ( Fig . 4 B and 4 C ) , and Bay 11 - 7082 also suppressed AR-and SR-induced iNOS expression , 3 and , 120 folds , respectively ( Fig . 4 B and 4 D ) .

Therefore , the objective of this article is to show how the technical relationships between animal disease surveillance , intervention and mitigation can be integrated as a conceptual framework to guide economic analysis in practical applications . The conceptual framework presented builds on logical reasoning , practical experience and observations of how mitigation processes evolve over time in animal health services .

- Surveillance system component : Has its self-contained surveillance protocol that focuses on a particular data source , such as serological bulk milk surveillance and surveillance of pathological lesions in the abattoir [ 10 ] .

The proposed conceptual framework set out above allows integration of the relationship between disease mitigation , a source of economic value , and mitigation resources , a source of economic cost , and thereby lays the foundation for applied economic analysis . Because the focus lies on the purpose of surveillance in relation to mitigation it is also expected to facilitate prioritisation and selection of the most appropriate surveillance and intervention activities . The formation of groups with similar characteristics may inform other research projects that aim at creating conceptual frameworks relating to surveillance , such as decision-making algorithms . Crucially , disease mitigation is both a technical problem and an economic problem , consideration of the latter dimension being relatively neglected . In a world of rapid population growth and increasing demand on scarce resources , allocating resources to surveillance and intervention in disease mitigation must aim for economic efficiency as well as technical efficiency .

The standard treatment for advanced rectal cancer is preoperative chemoradiotherapy ( CRT ) followed by standard resection of the rectum . Neoadjuvant CRT allows downsizing and downstaging of the tumour , leading to improved resectability and local control . The clinical question is what to do with good response after CRT . Most surgeons advocate performing a resection on the basis of the status before CRT disregarding the response . However , major pelvic surgery is associated with a high postoperative morbidity rate of 40 % -50 % . The paradigm shift in treatment is further tailoring of treatment for the good responders after CRT aiming at organ saving treatment options with less morbidity , such as local excision . Although still controversial , a wait-and-see-policy ( omission of surgery under close monitoring ) is being advocated for the complete responders . This shift in treatment has consequences for radiologists . Our major challenge will be to provide tools that can help in precise selection of these patients . The challenge will not only restrict to an accurate evaluation of the local tumour response but also extend to an accurate evaluation of the nodal response . This lecture will focus on the evidence-based role of EUS and MRI for response evaluation after CRT . Accuracy and limitations of each method will be discussed . The lecture will dwell on potential new techniques ( diffusion and perfusion MRI , lymph node-specific contrast enhanced MRI , PET / CT ) that can overcome the limitations of standard imaging . Learning Objectives : 1 . To understand the evidence based role of imaging for re-staging locally advanced rectal cancer after chemoradiotherapy .

1 . To understand a simple classification for the causes of bowel obstruction . Radiological staging of adenocarcinoma of the pancreas is critical for adequate management of these patients because treatment depends on the stage of the disease . If pancreatic cancer is limited radical surgery can be performed whereas only palliative treatment with chemotherapy and radiotherapy can be offered in patients with locoregional or distant extension of the disease . There are many diagnostic techniques for studying the pancreas , but most authors agree that multidetector

Various new specific therapies target tumour vasculature or tumour neoangiogenesis . It is not uncommon that these targeted therapies have pronounced cytostatic and not predominantly cytotoxic effects . This limits the usefulness of size-based morphological tumour response assessments . Of newer CT or magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) modalities , perfusion has emerged as valid marker of tumour-induced blood vessels and their function . Perfusion measures the vascularity within a tumour , as well as its component heterogeneous parts . Of parameters which can be measured to date , blood volume and permeability are commonly applied in patient studies . Blood volume measures the aggregate size of the vascular space , while the permeability function informs about the integrity of vessels and their  leakiness ' to contrast agents . We will describe the use of MR perfusion to monitor new targeted therapies and discuss its advantages and disadvantages in comparison with CT perfusion protocols . Ultrasound as an alternate modality for perfusion assessment will be briefly presented . PET strategies for treatment-monitoring will be mentioned , with prospect on the role of combined vascular and metabolic imaging to further optimise non-invasive response assessment in specific anticancer therapies .

MR contrast agents for liver imaging A . Giovagnoni ; Ancona / IT ( a.giovagnoni@univpm.it )

Acute mesenteric ischemia ( AMI ) is a life threatening diagnosis and a therapeutic emergency with high mortality rates ( 50 - 95 % ) . Its diagnosis and management are challenging issues . It is due to arterial thrombosis in 20 - 30 % of cases , emboli in 40 - 50 % , and venous obstruction in 5 - 20 % ; non occlusive mesenteric ischemia accounts for 20 - 30 % of cases . Clinical presentation includes severe abdominal pain which contrasts with poor clinical findings , and depends also on the cause . Quick AngioMDCT is the cornerstone of diagnosis , with a reliability of 95.6 % : it detects vascular obstruction as well as signs of intestinal ischemia ( reduced wall enhancement ) or necrosis ( pneumatosis intestinalis and / or portal gas ) and peritoneal irritation signs . There are no randomized or controlled trials of AMI therapy . Therapeutic options include surgery , with an important morbi-mortality , but also increasingly endovascular procedures such as : - administration of vasodilatators to treat NOMI , - local thromboaspiration and thrombolysis for arterial emboli , - balloon angioplasty ± stenting ± thrombolysis to treat arterial thrombosis and mesenteric complications of aortic dissection , - in situ thrombolysis ± mechanical disobliteration of mesenteric venous thrombosis . Percutaneous endovascular techniques may be valuable alternatives to surgery in selected patients , and can be helpful in limiting bowel resection . Endoscopy is the primary diagnostic and treatment modality in non-variceal upper gastrointestinal haemorrhage ( NVUGH ) . When endoscopy fails to control bleeding embolisation or surgery are the haemostatic options . Placing endoscopic clips at the site of endoscopically uncontrollable haemorrhage facilitates successful embolisation . CT angiography sensitivity in acute bleeding is 90 % but this depends on careful case selection . CT is particularly useful when endoscopy fails to identify the site haemorrhage or there is a history of aortic reconstruction or pancreaticobiliary procedure or disease ( ACR Appropriateness Criteria 2010 ) . In transpapillary ( bile or pancreatic duct ) haemorrhage embolisation is the first line intervention . In known site life-threatening post-surgical haemorrhage ( e.g. surgical drain bleeding ) proceeding directly to angiography expedites haemostasis . The decision making process when endoscopy fails to control NVUGH depends on the available evidence but also on the 24 / 7 availability of services and / or the speed of response . A recent systematic analysis of embolisation in NVGUH reported pooled mean technical and clinical success rates in primary UGI haemorrhage only , trans-papillary haemorrhage only , and mixed studies were 84 % and 67 % , 93 % and 89 % , and 93 % and 64 % , respectively . The evidence comparing surgery and embolisation is limited to six single-centre cohort studies . Despite decision making bias , with more elderly patients , coagulopathy and other adverse co-morbidities in the embolisation group : mortality , clinical success and re-bleeding were equivalent . Large-volume resuscitation , particularly when clotting derangement or multi-organ failure results , is associated with increased mortality . This reinforces the need for rapid control haemorrhage and has implications for service organisation and delivery . Acute Mesenteric ischaemia ( AMI ) is a life-threatening vascular emergency due to acute decrease of small bowel blood supply that may present occlusive ( arterial / venous ) or non-occlusive ethiopathogenesis . It has been estimated that the majority of cases ( 65 % ) are caused by arterial embolism or thrombosis , 25 % by non-occlusive aetiology and the remaining 10 % from venous thrombotic aetiology . Despite the advances in imaging techniques and , consequently , in therapeutic approaches , the overall mortality rate of this condition still ranges from 60 to 100 % . An early diagnosis is important for a correct therapeutic approach able to reduce the mortality . Till now the best imaging method in diagnosis of mesenteric ischaemia / infarction is enhanced CT even if some authors are considering a role for MRI in the evaluation of these disorders . Moreover , in available literature , there exists no systematic evaluation of the radiological findings related to different ethiopathogenesis of AMI and their chronological evolution . The aim of our studies was to identify the macroscopic , microscopic and 1 ⁄ 4 - MRI findings of each aetiology of AMI and to document their chronological evolution in rat models . The progression of the ischaemic disease , observed in these experimental models , appears in line with the human pathology and so it could represent a useful tool to evaluate the role of MRI as an alternative technique in the diagnosis of intestinal infarction . Learning Objectives :

Acute arterial and venous ischaemia-presentation , management and outcome L . Boyer ; Clermont-Ferrand / FR ( lboyer@chu-clermontferrand.fr )

Complications include contrast-enhanced nefropathy , splenic infarct , renal infarct , liver abscess and buttock claudication ( after bilateral internal iliac artery occlusion ) . A proper trauma management infrastructure with rapid access to CT-scanning and a 24 / 7 interventional radiology service should be present in all centres dealing with severely injured trauma patients . Currently is the largest medical society in Italy with over nine thousand members and provides the main framework for presenting and exchanging the scientific experience of different hospital-and university-based working group . At present SIRM is the national member of the European Society of Radiology with the largest number of both institutional and individual affiliated radiologist . Our Society manages its activity through two organising structures : study sections and regional groups that work together , representing the real scientific and professional core of the society . Each section has one president and four councillors and its aim is to promote the radiological advancement and also to organise the Continual Medical Education ( ECM ) for our members . Regional groups are based on the geographical division of our Country . The Society has two main seats : the first one , the Headquarters in Milan , and the other one House of Radiologic Area in Rome where E-learning , research and development take place . This venue hosts also inter-society meetings

What the haematologist needs to know P . Brice ; Paris / FR ( pauline.brice@sls.aphp . fr )

1 . To learn about the evolution of the successive classifications of lymphomas according to new molecular prognostic markers . 2 . To understand the limitations of image-guided biopsies in some peculiar entities . 3 . To appreciate to what extent molecular analyses can predict outcome .

1 . To know about the causes and the imaging appearances of solid organ trauma . 2 . To understand various methods of IR treatment . 3 . To learn about the results and appropriate follow-up strategies .

Nuclear Medicine offers several possibilities for the imaging of inflammatory bowel diseases ( IBD ) . Most data available in the literature concern the use of radiolabelled autologous white blood cells ( WBC ) . With this method it is possible to evaluate with a single scan the whole body and , therefore , depict the extent of pathological gut wall infiltration by leucocytes : a sign of disease activity . The method of WBC has been criticised for its long preparation time and lack of anatomical accuracy . However , there are now available several kits for easy labelling of WBC with 99 mTc and the possibility to use hybrid SPECT / CT cameras that improve accuracy and anatomical localisation of lesions . These kits can also use 18 F and 64 Cu for WBC labelling , two positron-emitting isotopes , that allow PET / CT imaging with further improvement of image detail and possibility to quantify uptake in lesions for early therapy follow-up . But the availability of new SPECT and PET radiopharmaceutical for molecular imaging and for in vivo histological characterisation of lesions has recently opened a new indication for IBD that is therapy decision making . We can quantify the presence of activated T-cells or lymphokines ( such as TNFa ) in gut wall lesions , thus providing the clinician with important information for starting the appropriate treatment and to early assess ( within weeks ) the efficacy of the treatment . Since MRI and Nuclear Medicine are complementary for the study of IBD , we aim at clarifying what is the role of both methods and how to integrate them in the diagnostic flow-chart of patients . The future will probably be a single scan with PET / MRI hybrid cameras , recently available . Learning Objectives : 1 . To highlight available imaging methods , imaging techniques and diagnostic algorithms for the evaluation of inflammatory bowel lesions . 2 . To learn more about the specificity of nuclear medicine techniques and their clinical role . 3 . To understand the role of nuclear medicine imaging in the evaluation of disease activity and extent , therapy decision making and early therapy follow-up .

Chairmen 's introduction P . Bourguet 1 , A . Palkó 2 ; 1 Rennes / FR , 2 Szeged / HU

A-043 16 Vascular grafts replace occluded vessels to maintain patency . Although rare ( 1 - 6 % ) , graft infections are severe surgical complications , with poor prognosis . Optimal treatment of infected grafts is surgical removal . The challenging question affecting management is whether the graft or only adjacent soft tissue wound is infected . False positives lead to unnecessary surgery while false negatives are associated with high morbidity . SPECT and PET radiopharmaceuticals are used for diagnosis of vascular graft infection . Labelled leucocytes ( Tc-99m , In-111 ) are SPECT agents of choice , accumulate by diapedesis , chemotaxis and vascular permeability . False-negative studies are related to antibiotherapy or duration of symptoms , and false positives occur with lymphocelle , haematoma , thrombosis , and physiologic uptake in recent grafts . FDG , the main PET tracer , is taken up by infections with high cellular metabolism . Advantages of PET over SPECT imaging include lower background activity , shorter duration of studies and no handling of blood of potentially infected patients . False positives due to increased uptake in native vessels , early grafts or healing scars can be differentiated by pattern and intensity of uptake . Size and proximity of structures and positional changes can lead to inaccurate localisation of tracer-avid foci and faulty diagnosis . Combining anatomic CT landmarks with functional SPECT changes or increased metabolism on PET decrease the false-positive rate . Uptake foci are accurately localised to graft or soft tissues improving specificity and diagnostic accuracy . SPECT / CT provided accurate data for diagnosis and localisation in 67 % of patients and accuracy of FDG-PET / CT was above 95 % for diagnosis of vascular graft infection . Learning Objectives : 1 . To understand the potential value of nuclear medicine procedures in suspected vascular graft infection . 2 . To understand the specific incremental role of hybrid imaging in suspected vascular graft infection . 3 . To recognise patterns of true and false positive findings in infected vascular grafts and to know the referral criteria for the best utilisation of hybrid imaging in vascular graft infection .

Optical reporter genes can be exquisitely addressed to sub-cellular organelles through targeted genetic encoding . A protein emitting light upon abrupt rises of local calcium concentrations is genetically encoded into the mitochondria of a mouse . Providing that the sampling of data acquisition is fast enough , the localistion of the signal is attributed to the mitochondria , roughly one micrometre in size each , even though the detection sensors have a millimetric spatial resolution . In neuroscience research , it is a classical paradigm to superimpose molecular images from PET with anatomical images from MRI . New experimental techniques allow co-registering multimodal images with widely differing spatial resolutions , by rebuilding 3 D sets of in vivo PET images of the rat brain with post mortem histological stains of the same brains . Extension of such techniques beyond the artisanal knowhow is bound to become a major experimental tool for translation of molecular information into in vivo clinical applications . Learning Objectives : 1 . To understand the temporal and spatial scales within living animal systems . 2 . To become familiar with the temporal and spatial scales imaged by in vivo and in vitro imaging methods . 3 . To learn how to bridge temporal and spatial scales between the different imaging methods .

applications , and the role of different imaging analyses such as DTI tractography and perfusion MR and the use of quantitative measures of different parameters and their application in children will be presented . To stress the role of DTI and tractography in the more detailed evaluation of brain pathology . 3 . To discuss the role of voxel-based methods in detecting abnormalities that can be missed by even the most experienced radiological eye .

Step 2 : analysis and how to avoid pitfalls T . Mang ; Vienna / AT ( thomas.mang@meduniwien.ac . at )

A-316 08 : 58 B .

Benign biliary stenoses may be due to postoperative injury ( laparoscopic cholecystectomy , gastric / hepatic resection and bilio-enteric anastomosis ) , post-liver transplantation , post traumatic ( blunt or penetrating trauma ) , inflammation associated with lithiasis , congenital ( usually in paediatric population ) , parasitic and post radiation . Internal biliary fistulas occur due to acute inflammation with obstruction that leads to adhesions , erosion of the bile duct or gallbladder wall and eventual erosion with formation of a fistula . The most common causes of benign fistulas are cholelithiasis , peptic ulcerartion and Crohn 's disease of the duodenum . Diagnosis of benign biliary strictures is usually performed with Ultrasound , Computed Tomography , Magnetic Resonance Cholangiopancreatography or Endocopic Retrograde Cholangiopancreatography ( ERCP ) , whereas biliary fistulas are difficult to diagnose with non invasive methods and the diagnosis is usually made either with Percutaneous Transhepatic Cholagiography , ERCP or even intraoperatively . Percutaneous approach is an established method of treatment of benign stenosis , particularly when they are a result of bilio-digestive anastomosis , either with the use of multiple and prolonged balloon dilatations , or with the use of plastic or metallic ( bare or covered ) stents . Biliary fistulas can be percutaneously treated by correcting the reason keeping the fistula active ( patent ) . A biliary stricture or stone may be such a reason and can be dilated or removed , respectively , either through the existing fistula or through a new transhepatic access . Embolisation of the fistula tract or use of a metallic stent can be also discussed . In case of portalbiliary fistula , embolisation of the portal branches or positioning of a covered stent might be the solution . Bile tract complications occur in 10 - 35 % of liver transplants , with major incidence in partial LT . The incidence is highest in the first few month after LT and 80 % are diagnosed within 6 months . Type of surgical anastomosis , cold and warm ischaemic liver injury and pre-existing biliary diseases are all factors influencing the frequency , type and severity of complications which include biliary strictures , bile leakage , stone formation and bilomas . Screening sonography ( 38 % sensitivity ) may be misleading due to false-negative results . Therefore , systematic PTC at 6 month after LT is recommended in order to disclose biliary complications at early stage . Main indications for percutaneous approach include 1 . Early anastomotic strictures unaccessible to endoscopy ( segmental graft or hepaticojejunostomy anastomosis The screen-film system has been the primary tool in radiology for over a century and the radiation dose was a minor consideration during the early days . The technology evolution for digital radiography provided a lot of advantages , like a better workflow , a high image quality and when properly used can decrease the dose per exam . It is mandatory for radiographer follow the whole process of transition from screen-film to digital system and has thorough knowledge of new installed technology . Internationally , medical radiation accounts for the majority of radiation exposure to the public . With the increasing international focus on radiation protection in clinical practice , there has never been a more appropriate time to promote education in this area amongst the radiography community . With the advent of new technologies and changes in working role , the radiographer 's role is ever developing . Because radiographers are directly involved with the technology and patients on a daily basis , their role in quality assurance ( QA ) and radiation protection is pivotal . This presentation will focus on the current role of the radiographer in QA and radiation protection from a European perspective and will explore the increasing role of QA in the clinical department . The importance of appropriate education and training and the types of education currently available for radiographers will be discussed alongside current literature and guidelines available in this field . The experience of an online radiation safety course and its impact on the role of the radiographer will be reviewed . The future of the radiographer 's role in this field and deficiencies in current practice will be examined and conclusions will be drawn . Meta-analyses of studies ( mostly nonconsecutive patient series ) showed that breast MRI detects otherwise occult ipsilateral and contralateral disease in 11 % and 4 % of women who had the test , respectively . The ongoing controversy regarding preoperative breast MRI and the balance between potential advantages ( reduction in re-operation rate for positive margins and ipsi- / contralateral recurrence ) and drawbacks ( overdiagnosis / overtreatment ) persists given limited evidence . Association of increasing use of preoperative MRI and increased rate of mastectomies has been suggested . Two recent randomized controlled trials did not show advantages from preoperative MRI but have been criticized due to various limitations . Thus , EuroAIM in cooperation with EUSOBI , designed an observational multicenter study which will analyses individual women data : " Preoperative breast MRI multicenter international prospective analysis ( MIPA ) study " . Two concurrent consecutive cohorts of newly diagnosed breast cancer patients defined by receiving / not receiving preoperative breast MRI will be compared matched for age / breast density . Analytical adjustment will be performed for relevant covariates . All involved centers will be high-volume breast imaging / care facilities . We plan to enroll about 2,600 women from 18 to 80 years of age with newly diagnosed breast cancer : 1,300 for the MRI group and 1,300 for the no-MRI group . Rate and type of changed surgical planning in the MRI group will be assessed . Primary outcomes will be rate of primary upfront mastectomy and re-excision rate for positive margins . Secondary outcome will be ipsilateral recurrence rate , contralateral cancer rate , and distant metastasis occurrence during 5 - year follow-up . Recent results show that CTC is an accurate test to detect colonic polyps and masses . Although the CMS has declined reimbursement for screening CTC in the United States in 2009 , CTC is being used increasingly in the radiologic community . Indications for CTC include examination of elderly and symptomatic patients as well as examination of asymptomatic adults who select CTC as their screening option for colorectal cancer . In the light of a lack of reimbursement certain steps have to be taken to set up a successful CTC service . In many countries , ionizing radiation can not be used for screening examinations other than mammography . Therefore , radiologists have to be well familiar with radiation exposure considerations in CTC . Also , specialists have to know about indications , contraindications , and pitfalls that have to be followed for succesful CTC . Furthermore , training strategies for CTC interpretation will be discussed ; in the beginning , expert double reading is recommended . In this presentation it will be outlined which steps have to be undertaken to set up a succesful CTC program . Learning Objectives :

The third issue that will be collegially discussed is as to whether there are any liver metastases . The surgeon will illustrate that the presence of liver metastases will contraindicate surgical treatment , especially depicting small liver metastases may avoid unnecessary laparotomies that are always associated with a different level of morbidity and mortality . The pathologist will show us the criteria to diagnose a liver metastases and the importance of histological subtyping ( i.e. adenocarcinoma vs . endocrine neoplasm ) . The radiologist will illustrate the sensitivity of different imaging modalities in detecting liver metastases and the improvement in sensitivity after the administration of liver-specific contrast agents . Furthermore , the diagnostic imaging criteria for the differential diagnosis of focal liver lesions will be illustrated . The fourth issue that will be collegially discussed is whether there are there positive lymph nodes . The surgeon will illustrate that the lymph nodes are a marginal surgical problem . The pathologist will illustrate the lymph nodes more frequently involved in pancreatic cancer and the criteria for a pathological diagnosis . The radiologist will illustrate the strength and especially the limitation in characterising lymph nodes . The fifth issue that will be collegially discussed is whether the tumor is locally advanced . The surgeon will illustrate the criteria that may contraindicate the surgical procedure , namely which are the vessel of interest in planning a surgical procedure that a radiologist should take care of . The pathologist will illustrate the criteria for vessel wall infiltration and the pattern of peri-vessel infiltration . The radiologist will illustrate which are the diagnostic imaging criteria to define vessel wall infiltration and their relative accuracies .

Medico-legal issues within paediatric practice : the history , the challenges , and the future C . Owens ; London / UK ( owensc@gosh.nhs . uk )

What the surgeon needs to know C . Bassi ; Verona / IT ( claudio.bassi@univr.it )

The audience will learn about the importance of multidisciplinary breast centres and their effect on improved detection and treatment of breast cancer . We look forward to welcome you all to get an updated information that could directly be utilised in your clinical services . Breast cancer is the leading cause of cancer death among women worldwide . Imaging plays a key role in the early detection of breast cancer . Mammography is an accepted screening modality . It has been shown that additional imaging modalities like ultrasound and MR imaging of the breast can significantly improve cancer detection and characterisation . An international classification system ( BIRADS ® ) has been introduced and offers a global language for breast imager . In case of BIRADS ® 4 and 5 lesions imaging guided biopsies are recommended before definitive surgery . The interpretation of imaging findings and pathologic results ( b-classification ) is essential and should be performed in multidisciplinary team conferences . It has been shown that such conferences have a strong impact on overall survival because mismanagement and failures can be reduced significantly . During this session the assembly will learn basics as well as about the importance of guidelines and risk management ( failure conferences ) , illustrated by case studies . Clinical management of patients with HCC is a decision-making process that should be approached following evidence-based data . Staging is a relevant topic in these patients because it determines the therapeutic approach . Tumoural extension based on MRI or CT findings and prognosis assessment are critical steps in the management of patients with HCC to indicate treatment , to predict response to treatment and to predict survival . For optimal results any proposal has to take into account liver function , tumour stage and physical status . Up to now , the only proposal linking staging to prognostic prediction and treatment indication is the BCLC approach . Updated BCLC staging in 2012 , first presented in 1999 in Seminars in Liver disease will be discussed and also the recent imaging features supporting the tumoural extension . Genomic studies attempted to provide the basis to identify the abnormalities that reflect a higher risk of cancer and the biological profile will be discussed . In cirrhotic liver disease those unfit for surgery but with paucinodular ( usually less than 3 nodules of < 3 cm ) or intermediate disease ( more advanced ) are increasingly amenable to locoregional therapies . Treatment in situ is , however , difficult to assess for the purposes of treatment response and continued surveillance . Modified RECIST criteria have been proposed more recently and these aim to quantify and validate in situ tumour necrosis in the late arterial phase as a valid surrogate endpoint , increasingly justified by clear survival benefit after ablation , TACE and anti-angiogenic drugs . Optimised late arterial phase imaging is critical in the diligent assessment of treatment effect and to ensure that residual disease is not left untreated . There are , however , still typical patterns of residual and recurrent disease that the radiologist must recognise whilst becoming familiar with benign post-treatment features seen after ablation and radioembolisation , for example . These can include marginal hyperaemia , portal tract oedema , arterioportal shunting , etc . Post-treatment assessment can be complex but recent work suggests that diffusion-weighted MR and increased , mapped ADC values may be useful in confirming treatment response . Careful subtraction MR ( late arterial phase - baseline ) has also been shown to be a robust guide to residual disease . PET / CT assessment has proved problematic due to the highly variable degree of FDG-avidity in HCC . Changes in perfusion CT parameters have been observed in different treatment response groups . With regard to ablation semi-automatic volume segmentation processing is now permitting much more accurate assessment of treatment adequacy . Medicolegal consequence is now recognised to be a major aspect of modern radiological practice . Sins of omission and commission are the building bricks of proper imaging technique in a multimodality perspective . Cirrhosis is a fertile soil for the development of different focal liver lesions , and vascular abnormalities can be now currently recognised by morphological and functional imaging including the use of cell-specific MR contrast agents . Presently , imaging acts as the common denominator in clinical decision-making , being instrumental in confirming the presence and staging of HCC and heavily influencing patient management . Apart from its diagnostic capabilities , radiology has special responsibilities in providing minimally invasive treatment options and in assessing tumour response . The current session aims to provide an overall integrated approach of the modern role of radiology in this clinical scenario , especially for all of those involved in providing consultation in a multidisciplinary environment . Although some authors still consider that fine-needle biopsy is safe , accurate , enables final diagnosis of focal liver lesions and is essential for deciding the therapeutic strategy , recent cohort studies have raised suspicions of its utility . The diagnosis with fine-needle biopsy has several limitations : location and size of tumour , clotting disorders or ascites interfere with needle insertion . False-negative results caused by sampling error may occur at a higher rate . Moreover , needle biopsy of HCC may carry a 2 % to 5 % risk of seeding tumour cells . Typical HCC is supplied mainly via the hepatic artery and the portal flow is lacking or reduced within the tumour . The characteristic HCC profile , including intense enhancement in AP ( wash-in ) and followed by contrast washout in PVP or EP ( washout ) on CEUS , MDCT and dynamic MR images using ordinary extracellular agents , has been established . A prospective study indicated a high PPV ( > 95 % ) using these noninvasive imaging criteria ( wash-in and washout ) for diagnosis of HCC ( > 1 cm ) , which was comparable with that of a liver biopsy . Identification of washout finding in PVP or EP is also crucial for reliable diagnosis of HCC , in particular differentiation between non-neoplastic early arterial enhancement ( A-P shunt ) and HCC . Based on these recent results , AASLD and EASL recommended that the diagnosis of HCC in cirrhotic patients can be made if these noninvasive imaging criteria are identified on contrast-enhanced US , MDCT or MR imaging without the use of liver biopsy . Cirrhosis is a chronic liver disease defined by the presence of fibrosis and regenerative nodules . These regenerative nodules may either remain stable or enlarge , or evolve to dysplastic nodules and hepatocellular carcinoma ( HCC ) . This multistep carcinogenesis explains why the diagnosis of small HCC remains challenging . Other lesions such as perfusion disorders and confluent fibrosis are also often observed in cirrhosis . Last , the prevalence of peripheral cholangiocarcinoma has been shown higher than in normal livers . Therefore the goal of imaging is to provide clues which enable lesion characterisation . The classical imaging findings are mostly based on lesion size and lesion enhancement on arterial-dominant , portal venous and delayed phases . Yet , both HCCs and other lesions may show atypical enhancement . This lecture will detail the input of functional tools . For instance , combination of classical sequences and diffusion-weighted MR imaging increases distinction between HCC and other lesions developed on cirrhosis . The role and limitations of hepatospecific MR contrast agents will also be stressed .

1 . To learn about the role of US in diagnosing the encephalopathy of prematurity . 2 . To become familiar with US patterns of periventricular leukomalacia and brain haemorrhagic disease . 3 . To understand the role of US in diagnosing hypoxic-ischaemic disease in full term babies .

As outside pregnancy , justification and optimisation are the main steps to be done when an imaging examination using ionising radiation is considered during pregnancy . However , the risk concerns the embryo / foetus in addition to the mother which means that justification has to be more critical whenever the uterine dose is not neglectable . The practical approach to an examination in any woman of child-bearing age starts by ruling out pregnancy , whether by taking history or by a laboratory test . When pregnancy can not be ruled out , further steps will depend on the type of examination needed and the urgency of diagnostic clarification . Ultrasound is the alternative to be preferred when it can answer the clinical question . But even among x-ray examinations , the uterine dose is varying widely which asks for a careful selection , optimisation and , maybe , for postponing the test . Once pregnancy is confirmed , the major question is whether the specific type of diagnostic examination will include the uterus in the primary radiation field . Examinations not involving the uterus by direct radiation - despite a potentially significant exposure by scattered radiation - can usually be performed without a relevant risk to the embryo / foetus . The situation is more critical when the uterus is within the examination field and when therapeutic interventions are considered . The presentation will discuss the practical approach to these different situations , the influence of the stage of pregnancy , optimisation methods and the choice between alternative methods in some frequent clinical situations . This paper explores the risks to the foetus when magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) is used . MRI uses three main components to produce images from inside the body : a static magnetic field ; a pulsed radio-frequency ( RF ) field and time-varying gradient electromagnetic field . The exact frequencies of these fields depend on the MRI system purchased ; for example , a 0.5 T scanner uses 21 MHz RF , a 1.5 T system uses 63 MHz and a 3 T system uses 127 MHz RF . There is also a wide range of options for gradient strengths and slew rates to be considered as well . The overall exposure for the foetus depends ultimately on the imaging sequence used and the area being scanned . This paper will discuss particular hazards that need to be addressed for pregnant women including biological effects of the static and time-varying magnetic fields , heating effects of the RF pulses and acoustic noise generated by the spatial encoding gradients . The circumstances for foetal In Austria the education for radiological technologists was first established by law in 1961 . At this time the ' Matura ' entrance-level standard for university education was implemented . In 1992 a special law was introduced . Professional academies were considered eligible for European programmes such as Erasmus-Socrates . This law still offers the basis for professional qualification . In 1994 , Universities of Applied Sciences were founded in Austria in addition to universities . The students of both university types were equal and they received an academic degree . The structure was similar to our professional academies . As a consequence of this , the professional association ( RTaustria ) also joined in the task of converting academies into the university sector . The first bachelor study programme " Radiological Technology " started in 2005 . The students finish with a BSc degree in health studies in Radiological Technology . The demands on teaching staff and students are already very large . A Bachelor ' Degree is recognised as a university sector . Master 's Degree programmes can be pursued immediately , e.g. MedTech ( Master or Engineering for Functional Imaging , and Conventional Ion Radiotherapy ) , or Master of Science in Radiological Technology . This technology offers radiographers a starting point for medical computer science . Doctoral programmes for molecular and functional imaging , medical physics and computer science are well established and alumni are admitted . The strategic influence on the profession is a social benefit . If Radiological Technologists attain even more profound knowledge that more deeply penetrates their specialisation , the better their future patients will be treated . While resection and ablation are still the gold-standard for curative local treatment of the early stage HCC , several effective intra arterial procedures have been developed for advanced HCC stage . There is still no consensus on the best intra arterial local therapy ; however , it offers great promise based upon the premise that HCC are fed mainly , if not exclusively , by arteries . Bland embolisation , chemoembolisation and radio-embolisation are some of the most common local treatments for patients with HCC and several embolic agents have been specifically developed for that purpose . Both TACE and TAE may shut-down the arterial blood flow to the tumour , leading for tumour ischaemia and , eventually , tumour cell death , if anoxia is induced . Association of local chemotherapy to the embolic effect represents the rationale for TACE . For this purpose , new embolic particles , which may precisely elute drugs , have been introduced ( DEB-TACE = Drug Eluting Beads TACE ) . For Radioembolisation , micro-particles are injected into the feeding arteries as vehicles for delivering interstitial sources of radiation therapy . Small and precisely calibrated micro-particles have been introduced for a deeper a more effective TAE . Because hepatic tumours are supplied by several arterial feeders , complete tumour death may be obtained only if the entire vascular network supplying the tumour is treated . If even small feeding arteries are be missed , tumour mass will be not completely treated and it will relapse . For this reason , the knowledge of possible vascular abnormality is mandatory for a better outcome . Surgical resection remains one of the few treatments considered to be " curative " for malignancy contained within the liver ( both primary and secondary ) . For resection to be effective all of the segments containing tumour must be removed . For a patient to survive such a procedure the remaining hepatic function must be sufficient to sustain life . In some circumstances so much of the liver is removed that the remaining segments are too small ( or they were small in the first place ) . Pre-operative portal vein embolisation ( POPE ) is designed to stimulate enlargement in the segments that are intended to remain , so that when the cancer is removed , survival is improved . POPE is a technique where the portal venous supply to the diseased segments is blocked , so that growth factors are diverted to the healthy segments . Over a period of 4 - 6 weeks prior to surgery , these segments enlarge so that the diseased segments can be removed more safely . POPE is performed percutaneously , and a variety of embolic materials are used to occlude , usually the right portal vein . After POPE the liver is scanned to assess for hypertrophy of the healthy segments , and surgery scheduled to coincide with enlargement but before time has elapsed which would allow for tumour progression ( local or distant ) . Surgery can usually be planned for 4 - 6 weeks after POPE ( this time may vary depending upon factors such as the presence of cirrhosis and diabetes ) . Primitive malignant renal tumours comprise 6 % of all childhood cancers . Wilm 's tumour ( WT ) is the most frequent type accounting for more than 90 % . Imaging alone can not differentiate between these tumours with certainty but it plays an important role in screening , diagnostic workup , assessment of therapy response , preoperative evaluation and follow-up . The outcome of WT after therapy is excellent with an overall survival around 90 % . This allows for a risk-based stratification maintaining excellent outcome in children with low-risk tumours while improving quality of life and decreasing toxicity and costs . The imaging issues for WT from the European perspective will be discussed as well as the characteristics of other paediatric malignant renal tumours . Primary adrenal malignant tumours can be categorised according to their origin . Adrenocortical neoplasms are rare in children . A size greater than 5 - 10 cm suggests malignancy as well as signs of local invasion or distant metastasis . The most frequent malignant medullary tumour is neuroblastoma . It accounts for 7 - 10 % of all childhood cancers and has a survival rate between 5 and 80 % depending on age at diagnosis , tumour spread , genetic markers , etc . It is related to borderline malignant ganglioneuroblastoma and benign ganglioneuroma . Imaging can not distinguish between these tumours but it is essential in the diagnostic workup and during follow-up . The role of imaging : The main aims of imaging are confirmation of the hepatic origin of the tumour , diagnosis and staging . Differential diagnosis is facilitated by combining imaging findings with clinical parameters , such as serum alpha-fetoprotein ( AFP ) . Children with malignant liver tumours often require three modalities ( US , chest CT and MRI ) for optimal imaging . Differential diagnosis : It is important to identify vascular tumours of infancy and mesenchymal hamartoma on imaging grounds if possible . These lesions rarely require biopsy . The major malignant primary tumours are hepatoblastoma , hepatocellular carcinoma , rhabdoid tumour , undifferentiated ( embryonal ) carcinoma and hepatocellular carcinoma variants ( transitional liver cell tumour and fibrolamellar carcinoma ) . Malignant vascular tumours ( epithelioid haemangioendothelioma and angiosarcoma ) are rare . The distinction between multifocal primary liver tumours and metastases from an extrahepatic primary tumour ( or multifocal infantile haemangioma ) can almost always be made on a combination of imaging and clinical features . Staging : There are two major staging systems in current use . The Children 's Oncology Group ( COG ) uses a surgical staging system , in which the main role of radiology is the detection of extrahepatic spread and preoperative surgical planning . The other major trials group , SIOPEL , uses the PRETEXT system , in which the role of imaging is much more important because surgery is delayed and chemotherapy is stratified according to clinical and radiological risk factors . Because COG now also collects data using the PRETEXT system , there is a global consensus that the ideal radiology report should include a description of each of its parameters . Learning Objectives :

B . X-ray imaging and pregnancy : justification and optimisation of exposure P . Vock ; Berne / CH ( peter.vock@insel.ch )

A . RF ablation V . Válek ; Brno / CZ ( vlvalek@med.muni . cz )

C . New developments : therapeutic interventional procedures G . Manenti ; Rome / IT ( guggi@tiscali.it )

Learning Objectives : 1 . To learn tips for MR imaging optimisation for ultimate reporting . 2 . To learn the most essential points and details to be reported in prostate cancer patients . 3 . To understand the major weaknesses of a prostate MR report .

1 . To learn about the role of US as the primary imaging modality in the evaluation of the acute female pelvis . 2 . To be able to recognise the added value of CT and MRI in the assessment of acute female pelvis . Uterine artery embolisation ( UAE ) is a non-surgical intervention for treating symptomatic uterine leiomyomas and represents an alternative to surgical removal ( hysterectomy , moymectomy , hysteroscopic resection ) . The indication for uterine artery embolisation crucially relies on the pre-interventional assessment of symptomatology and burden of disease . Especially the location , size , and number of leiomyomas are important to determine the treatment options of the patient . As a rule , both single and multiple fibroids can be treated by UAE . However , the clinical outcome of UAE does not primarily depend on the number and location of the individual tumours ( subserosal , intramural , transmural , submucosal ) but the infraction rate of fibroids . MR guided high-intensity focused ultrasound ( HIFUS ) is a non-invasive treatment option for symptomatic leiomyomata . In contrast to UAE and surgery it lacks the invasiveness of these procedures since the targeted leiomyoma is ablated by energy transmitted through the skin by focused ultrasound while exact delivery is monitored online by MR Imaging . Size , location and number of fibroids are limiting factors for the application of HIFUS . Magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) is superior compared to ultrasound in delineating the extent of fibroid disease and excluding other pathologies or disease processes that may mimic fibroid-related complaints . Further advantages of MRI result from the use of MR angiography and contrast-enhanced imaging in assessing outcome and complications following UAE . This presentation summarises the current role of UAE and ultrasound ablation ( HIFUS ) for uterine leiomyomata as well as the role of imaging before and after the procedure . of normal of 10 mm is universally applied . However , size criteria alone are unreliable : CT for lung cancer staging has a pooled sensitivity of 51 % ( i.e. , false-negative diagnoses of metastatic deposits in nodes < 10 mm ) , and a specificity of 86 % ( i.e. , false-positive diagnoses due to enlarged benign nodes ) . With MRI the same size criteria apply . However , additionally , imaging features such as central necrosis on T2w fatsat or gadolinium-enhanced images are suggestive of metastasis ( or suppurative infection ) . Lymph node-specific USPIO MR agents can depict tumour deposits in subcentimeter pelvic nodes . Unfortunately , they did not receive market approval . DWI is helpful in identifying in lymph nodes as they exhibit high SI with higher b-values . However , diffusion pattern of benign and malignant nodes overlap , so that measurement of ADC values do not aid in characterisation . Despite the use of modern MDCT and MRI techniques , lymph node characterisation needs further improvement . Up to date lymph node staging is based on size and shape criteria only ; however , micrometastases can also be present in normal sized lymph nodes and nodes can be enlarged due to inflammatory changes . New contrast agents in MRI such as ultrasmall particles of iron oxide have substantially improved the diagnostic accuracy of lymph node staging compared with conventional MRI . Unfortunately , USPIO is not commercially available and therefore new approaches to differentiate benign from malignant lymph nodes are required . Diffusion-weighted MRI ( DWI ) is a noninvasive method that provides microstructural information on the underlying tissue . Up to date several studies mainly in the pelvis have shown promising results to detect lymph nodes and also to allow differentiation between benign and malignant nodes with reported sensitivities of 79 - 87 % and specificities of 74 - 93 % based on the underlying mean apparent diffusion coefficient ( ADC ) value . In these studies any size of lymph nodes has been included with the smallest short axis diameter of 5 mm . There is an overlap between ADC values of benign and malignant nodes ; therefore , further studies with histopathological correlation are needed to reduce the high rate of false-positive nodes . Combination of USPIO and DWI might facilitate and improve lymph node staging in the future provided that USPIO will be available . Currently , nuclear medicine uses sentinel node scintigraphy and PET with the glucose analogue fluorodeoxyglucose ( FDG-PET ) to detect lymph node metastases . Sentinel node scintigraphy images the lymphatic drainage of a tumour . A radiolabelled colloid is injected at the site of the tumour and the drainage of the colloid to the regional lymph node is imaged with a gamma camera . Intraoperatively , lymph nodes are identified with a handheld gamma probe . Lymph nodes that have accumulated the radiolabelled colloid are resected and analysed histopathologically . Randomised studies have shown that in patient with breast cancer sentinel node biopsy significantly reduces the rate of complications as compared with systematic axillary dissection . Conversely , the risk for axillary recurrence is not increased . FDG-PET imaging can detect metastases in lymph nodes that are not pathologically enlarged . Furthermore , many unspecifically enlarged lymph nodes do not demonstrate increased FDG uptake . However , it is important to note that false-negative cases can occur in very small lymph node metastases , in mostly necrotic lymph node metastases or in tumour types with low metabolic activity . False-positive findings occur in active inflammation . Despite these limitations , studies have clearly documented that FDG PET significantly improves the accuracy of lymph node staging in several malignant tumours . In non-small cell lung cancer randomised trials have shown that FDG-PET significantly improves patient management by avoiding unnecessary surgery . Ongoing preclinical and initial clinical studies evaluate radiolabelled amino acid analogues that are potentially diagnosed before they become symptomatic and a reduction of tendon load and initiation of treatment before the condition becomes chronic seem to gain important place in therapeutic regimes . Furthermore , US-guided therapies are advisable over blinded-guided injections to minimise side effects and to allow an accurate targeted therapeutic approach . MRI is an excellent tool in depicting sports-related muscle and tendon injuries . Most sports-related muscle injuries are located in the lower extremities and some are quite deep-seated , thereby somewhat harder for US to show . Another advantage of MRI over US in this setting is that concomitant bone injury is readily displayed . US is admittedly a high-resolution , well-tolerated and readily available tool for musculoskeletal soft tissue injuries . On the other hand , considerable expertise is needed for musculoskeletal US , which is also quite time consuming . During the time needed for a single musculoskeletal US to be performed and reported by an expert musculoskeletal radiologist , several MRI studies may well be reported . Overall , considering reimbursement constraints , " fee-for-service " healthcare systems favour MRI over US for evaluating sports-related musculoskeletal injuries . Myositis ossificans , which is usually readily displayed by plain radiographs , is a caveat in MRI of the muscles , may be overlooked or mistaken for more sinister conditions , and is a case in point highlighting the need for evaluating musculoskeletal MRI exams along with plain radiographs . Muscle herniations are better depicted by US , given dynamic imaging capabilities of this modality . Positive lymph node status is an important predictor for a poor prognosis . Accurate nodal staging often influences the choice of treatment and outcome of these patients . However , detection of nodal infiltration by non-invasive imaging has been challenging and to date FNA or biopsy has remained important to dictate treatment . Nowadays , the combination of morphological and functional or metabolic information with modern imaging technology offers us new perspectives . In this session we will learn about the present status of lymph node imaging using new generation CT , MRI or PET and become familiar with the strength and weaknesses of each .

A-327 09 : 00 B . The acute female pelvis E . Sala ; Cambridge / UK ( es 220 @ radiol . cam . ac . uk )

Learning Objectives : 1 . To become familiar with the different types of traumatic haemorrhage ( epidural , subdural , intracerebral , subarachnoid ) . 2 . To understand the difference between primary and secondary traumatic brain lesions . 3 . To understand how the brain can be severely damaged in closed head injuries ( deceleration trauma , diffuse axonal injuries ) .

S80 C B D E F G H A

A 50 - mer representing the consensus sequence of the MPER region of HIV-1 was engineered and displayed of the surface of Q2 . MPER was designed for broadly neutralizing antibodies but was poorly accessible . We have demonstrated that recombinant Q2 phage framed with gp41 MPER of HIV can be used either alone or in combination with other strategies for the production and monitoring of HIV-1 gp41 MPER-specific immune responses [ 11 ] . The results obtained from the study showed that broadly neutralizing antibodies of MPER were easily recognized by all the reported epitopes ( methodology in Figure 3 ) . This reinforces that hybrid phages could be used to assess the antigenicity of specific peptides in an infected subject . The application of RNA phage technology can be ideal for a rapid detection of an infection both in animal and human [ 11 ] .

Q2 's replicase has a unique set of features that not many other replicases possess . In addition , to amplifying its genome more than 10 4 in less than an hour , it is able to distinguish between its own RNA and a vast amount of host RNA and only replicate its own RNA , as well as do both of these things without the use of endogenous primers [ 34 ] . The template is recognized by the S1 protein and the EF-Tu [ 34 ] . The motif sequence required for strand recognition by Ef-Tu : EF-Ts is CCC of the CCCA sequence at the 3 end of the template RNA [ 12 ] .

The S1-3 subunit is part of the bacterial 70 S ribosome and is one of 21 proteins that comprises the smaller 30 Ss subunit and is responsible for translation of mRNA within the cell after transcription by assisting mRNA in binding to the 30 S ribosome subunit [ 33 ] . S1 has a molecular weight of 70 kDa , but has a sedimentation ratio lower than expected , due to its elongated shape [ 30 , 38 ] . The structure of the right-handed S1 protein is comprised of a finger , thumb , and palm domain . The finger domain consists of four antiparallel 2 - sheets and six ± - helices . The thumb domain consists of two bundles of ± - helices , comprised of three helices each as well as a three antiparallel 2 - sheets . The palm domain is comprised of five antiparallel 2 - sheets flanked by four ± - helices [ 41 ] .

The Q2 replicase is an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase ( RdRp ) . It differs from the reverse transcriptase found in retroviruses , which are RNA-dependent DNA polymerases ( RdDp ) , in that it catalyzes the transcription of RNA from an RNA template , rather than RNA from a DNA template . This protein is encoded in all positive-stranded RNA viruses . The replicase is a holoenzyme consisting of four subunits : the 2 subunit ( 65 kDa ) that is encoded by the phage itself , as well as three other subunits encoded for by the natural host of Q2 , E . coli , the ± ribosomal protein ( S1 , 70 kDa ) , and two host translation elongation factors , 3 ( EF-Tu , 45 kDa ) , and ́ ( EF-Ts , 35 kDa ) . The 2 - subunit consists of a finger , thumb , and palm domain . The finger and thumb domains interact via hydrophobic interactions with elongation factors subunits 3 and ́ ( EF-Tu and EF-Ts ) allowing them to bind the subunit tightly [ 12 ] . This interaction between the virus and the host ensures specificity of both the template and the polymerase [ 40 ] .

Although there is minimal research in the literature regarding the functionality of A 1 protein , current studies investigating the structure of Q2 phage and its constituents indirectly suggest the potential for the exploitation of the A 1 protein 's motif capacity for detection assays , drug delivery , and vaccines .

Encouraged by the western blot results that showed a clear overexpression of CLTC protein in the transdifferentiated MCF-7 and MALME-3M cells , we decided to determine the role of CME in the adipogenic transdifferentiation process in MALME-3M and in MCF-7 cells . Transient CLTC silencing accomplished by siRNA , caused a significant reduction in LD accumulation induced by petroselinic acid , and further microscopic analysis of Oil Red O and hematoxylin stained cells suggested that not only LD accumulation but also neutral lipid composition in LDs was affected by CLTC silencing .

are key components of clathrin coated vesicles that can bind directly to both the clathrin lattice and to the lipid and protein components of membranes ( Pearse et al . 2000 ) . AP1 and AP3 are found at the coated vesicles located at the Golgi complex and it has been suggested that both associate with GLUT4 transporting vesicles and mediate distinct intracellular sorting events at the level of the TGN and endosomes in rat adipocytes ( Gillingham et al . 1999 ) . The observed upregulation of proteins involved in GLUT4 trafficking could be related to the acquisition of the adipocytic phenotype .

Our previous report identified similar transdifferentiation programs in HCCLS of completely different origins such as in cells from ovarian carcinoma , hepatocarcinoma , breast adenocarcinoma and melanoma ( Ruiz-Vela et al . 2011 ) . In this study we aimed to characterize the adipocyte-like cells resulting from melanoma MALME-3M and breast carcinoma MCF-7 transdifferentiation programs and to set the key pathways that were concomitantly affected in these programs . In order to document induced-transdifferentiation we report the loss of pigmentation in MALME-3M cells , the upregulation of PLIN2 protein expression in the studied HCCLs and the upregulation of gene expression of PLIN2 and other commonly considered key adipogenic markers such as lipoprotein lipase ( LPL ) and peroxisome proliferatoractivated receptor alpha ( PPARA ) in MALME-3M cells . These results also revealed an alternative gene splicing of the adipogenic master regulator PPARG that was likely to be related to the upregulation of the protein found in transdifferentiated MALME-3M cells , previously reported by our group ( Ruiz-Vela et al . 2011 ) . Most importantly , our results also showed an increase in Clathrin ( CLTC ) expression and we provided evidence that Clathrinmediated Endocytosis ( CME ) was essential for the transdifferentiation programs of the breast adenocarcinoma and melanoma HCCLs we investigated into adipocyte-like cells .

To corroborate the inhibitory effect of CLTC suppression on the accumulation of LDs , we employed the Oil Red O dye that specifically binds to neutral lipids ( Kutt & Tsaltas 1959 ) . After transfection and a 24 hour incubation period with petroselinic acid ( 100 1 ⁄ 4 g / ml ) , MALME-3M and MCF-7 cells were stained with Oil Red O and hematoxylin ( Figure 5E and 5 F ) . The results show a decrease in Oil Red O staining in the CLTC transiently silenced MALME-3M ( Figure 5E ) and MCF-7 cells , corroborating impairment in neutral lipid accumulation as CLTC is suppressed .

Endocytosis regulates the entry of nutrients , hormones and signaling factors into the cell , and serves to regulate the internalization of transmembrane receptors . During endocytosis the plasma membrane invaginates to form a new intracellular vesicle containing various cargo molecules and material to be internalized from the external environment ( Conner & Schmid 2003 ) . Clathrin ( CLTC ) mediated endocytosis ( CME ) is the major endocytic route and is assumed to regulate ligand mediated signal transduction by disrupting ligand-receptor interactions after their uptake into endosomal compartments ( Andersson 2012 ) . It can sequester the receptors in intracellular compartments , target ligand-receptor complexes to lysosomes for degradation , or recycle them by sending them back to the cell surface for re-use ( Maxfield & McGraw 2004 ) . Several in vitro studies have reported evidence for a relationship between the endocytosis of ligands such as Bone morphogenetic protein 2 ( BMP2 ) and oxidized Low-density lipoprotein ( ox-LDL ) , bound to their respective receptors , and their key roles in different transdifferentiation models ( Rauch et al . 2002 ; Yu et al . 2010 ) . Others have shown that the incorporation of insulin regulated glucose transporter 4 ( GLUT4 ) into the cell plasma membrane , a process required for adipogenesis , is dependent on clathrin coated vesicles ( Huang et al . 2007 ) . However , the existence of a direct correlation between endocytic ligand-receptor complex internalization and the transcription of genes controlling critical physiological events , such as cell transdifferentiation or adipogenesis , remains largely uninvestigated .

Western blot analysis of PLIN2 showed that the protein was absent in the MALME-3M mock-treated cells , and in cells incubated with vehicles but it was markedly expressed in the cells incubated for 96 hours with albumin-associated lipids or with a mixture of linoleic and petroselinic acids ( 100 1 ⁄ 4 g / ml of each ) ( Figure 2 A ) . In MCF-7 cells there was also a significant increase in PLIN2 expression in linoleic and petroselinic treated cells ( 25.87 ± 5.56 ) versus vehicle treated cells ( 13.42 ± 2.33 ) ( Figure 2 B ) .

Neutral lipid quantification was performed with Nile-Red ( Greenspan et al . 1985 ) . Cells ( 10 5 ) were washed twice in PBS and then incubated with 25 1 ⁄ 4 g / ml of Nile Red ( Invitrogen ) in PBS ( 30 min , 4 ° C ) . After incubation , cells were filtered through a 30 1 ⁄ 4 m sieve ( CellTrics , Partec ) . Fluorescent emission ( 525 nm ) was registered in the FL2 channel by a Beckman Coulter Flow Cytometer ( Cytomics " FC 500 ) and data files were analyzed using the FlowJo flow cytometer analysis software .

Electron microscopy MALME 3 M cells and transdifferentiated cells , after 24 hours incubation with albumin-associated lipids , were seeded on Permanox slides ( Nalge Nunc International , Naperville , IL ) at a density of 2000 cells x 4,2 cm 2 / well . Cells were fixed with 3.5 % glutaraldehyde ( 1 h , 37 ° C ) , treated with 2 % osmium tetroxide ( 1 h , RT ) and stained with 2 % uranyl acetate away from light ( 2 h , 4 ° C ) . Cells were rinsed in sodium phosphate buffer ( 0.1 M ) , dehydrated in ethanol , and infiltrated overnight in araldite resins ( Durcupan , Fluka , Buchs SG , Switzerland ) . After polymerization , embedded cultures were detached from the chamber slide and glued to Araldite blocks . Semithin sections ( 1.5 1 ⁄ 4 m ) were cut with an Ultracut UC-6 ( Leica , Heidelberg , Germany ) , mounted onto slides and stained with 1 % toluidine blue . Semi-thin sections were glued to araldite blocks and detached from the glass slide by freezing-thawing cycles using liquid nitrogen . Ultrathin sections ( 0.07 1 ⁄ 4 m ) were prepared with an Ultracut and then stained with lead citrate . Finally , photomicrographs were obtained under an FEI transmission electron microscope ( Tecnai Spirit G2 ) using a digital camera ( Soft Imaging System , Olympus ) .

We quantify the ability of our method to correctly identify clusters of cases linked by transmission , through measuring 1 ) the true positive rate ( TPR , proportion of pairs of cases actually linked by transmission who are inferred to be in the same outbreak cluster ) , i.e. the sensitivity of detecting a transmission link and 2 ) the true negative rate ( TNR , proportion of pairs of cases not linked by transmission who are inferred to not be in the same outbreak cluster ) , i.e. the specificity of detecting a transmission link . We also compare the estimates of the reproduction number and importation rate to the values used in the simulation . A summary of the results of our simulation study are shown in the main text in Figure 5 . S10 Fig shows the full estimates of the reproduction number and importation rate , i.e. central estimates as well as 95 % confidence intervals . S11 Fig presents the root mean square error on the estimates of the reproduction number and the importation rate for all simulation and reconstruction scenarios considered , and suggests that estimates were precise across all scenarios .

We assumed a constant reporting rate ; observed cases were drawn from all cases according to a binomial distribution with probability given by the reporting rate .

The simulation was run for 8 years .

So far , we have illustrated our method by applying it retrospectively to analyse an outbreak of dog rabies in Central African Republic . However , our method would also be extremely useful if used during an ongoing outbreak , in particular to disentangle clusters of related cases from isolated cases due to separate introductions of the pathogen in the population . This could have a direct impact on control policies , providing information on whether to prioritise control measures aiming at reducing transmission or at reducing importations ( or both ) .

We assumed a Rayleigh distributed spatial Kernel with scale 0.70 km , consistent with a mean transmission distance of 0.88 km , as in Hampson et al . [ 4 ] . We assumed a substitution rate of 5.9 × 10  4 substitutions per site per year for rabies , as estimated in Bourhy et al . [ 6 ] . The corresponded distributions for the serial interval , spatial kernel , and number of mutations between an index and a secondary case are shown in S1 Fig .

Following Hampson et al . [ 4 ] , we assumed a Gamma distributed serial interval , with mean 23.6 days and standard deviation 20.9 days . Note that throughout our study , we refer to the serial interval , traditionally defined as the time from symptom onset of a case and its infector , however the data from the rabies outbreak we analyse consists in dates of report of the infected animals . Furthermore , in their study , Hampson and colleagues generate estimates of the generation interval , i.e. the time from infection of a case and its infector , which is yet slightly different . Although the serial interval and the generation interval may have different distributions , in general they have the same mean and are often taken as synonymous ( see Svensson et al . [ 5 ] for more detail ) .

Those are conservative estimates , as they assume that all unobserved outbreaks are of size 1 . In reality unobserved outbreaks may be much larger , therefore the probability of observing them would be larger than À . Should the reporting be much lower or the total number of outbreaks much larger , the threshold can be adjusted ( i.e. increased in this case ) .

To ensure that recombination was not interfering with the skygrid reconstruction we also split our MERS-CoV alignment into ten parts 2937 nucleotides long . These were then used as separate partitions with independent trees and clock rates in BEAST v1 . 8.4 ( Drummond et al . , 2012 ) . Nucleotide substitution and relaxed clock models were set up identically to the whole genome skygrid analysis described above ( Drummond et al . , 2006 ; Hasegawa et al . , 1985 ; Yang , 1994 ) . Skygrid coalescent tree prior ( Gill et al . , 2013 ) was used jointly across all ten partitions for demographic inference . Five MCMC chains were set up , each running for 200 million states , sampling every 20 000 states .

( 1 )

Here , we employ a Monte Carlo simulation approach to identify parameters consistent with observed patterns of sequence clustering ( Figure S6 ) . Our structured coalescent analyses indicate that every MERS outbreak is a contained cross-species spillover of the virus from camels into humans . The distribution of the number of these cross-species transmissions and their sizes thus contain information about the underlying transmission process . At heart , we expect fewer larger clusters if fundamental reproductive number R 0 is large and more smaller clusters if R 0 is small . A similar approach was used in Grubaugh et al . ( 2017 ) to estimate R 0 for Zika introductions into Florida .

A currently widely used approach to infer ancestral states in phylogenies relies on treating traits of interest ( such as geography , host , etc . ) as features evolving along a phylogeny as continuous time Markov chains with an arbitrary number of states ( Lemey et al . , 2009 ) . Unlike structured coalescent methods , such discrete trait approaches are independent from the tree ( i.e. demographic ) prior and thus unable to influence coalescence rates under different trait states . Such models have been used in the past to infer the number of MERS-CoV host jumps ( Zhang et al . , 2016 ) with results contradicting other sources of information . In order to test how a discrete trait approach compares to the structured coalescent we used our 274 MERS-CoV genome data set in BEAST v2 . 4.3 ( Bouckaert et al . , 2014 ) and specified identical codon-partitioned nucleotide substitution and molecular clock models to our structured coalescent analysis . To give the most comparable results we used a constant population size coalescent model , as this is the demographic function for each deme in the structured coalescent model . Five replicate MCMC analyses were run for 200 million states , three of which converged onto the same posterior distribution . The converging chains were combined after removing 20 million states as burn-in to give a total of 27 000 trees drawn from the posterior distribution . These trees were then summarised using TreeAnnotator v2 . 4.5 with the common ancestor heights option ( Heled and Bouckaert , 2013 ) .

This left 70 000 states on which to base posterior inference . Posterior sets of typed trees were summarised using TreeAnnotator v2 . 4.3 with the common ancestor heights option ( Heled and Bouckaert , 2013 ) .

Control , structured coalescent with more than one tree per genome Due to concerns that recombination might affect our conclusions ( Dudas and Rambaut , 2016 ) , as an additional secondary analysis , we also considered a scenario where alignments were split into two fragments ( fragment 1 comprised of positions 1 - 21000 , fragment 2 of positions 21000 - 29364 ) , with independent clocks , trees and migration rates , but shared substitution models and deme population sizes . Fragment positions were chosen based on consistent identification of the region around nucleotide 21000 as a probable breakpoint by GARD ( Pond et al . , 2006 ) by previous studies into SARS and MERS coronaviruses ( Hon et al . , 2008 ; Dudas and Rambaut , 2016 ) . All analyses were set to run for 200 million states , subsampling every 20 000 states . Chains not converging after 200 million states were discarded . 20 % of the states were discarded as burn-in , convergence assessed with Tracer 1.6 and combined with LogCombiner . Three chains out of ten did not converge .

To better understand where statistical power of the structured coalescent model lies we set up a tertiary analysis where a model was set up identically to the first structured coalescent analysis , but deme population sizes were enforced to have the same size . This analysis allowed us to differentiate whether statistical power in our analysis is coming from effective population size contrasts between demes or the backwards-in-time migration rate estimation . Five replicate chains were set up , two of which failed to converge after 200 million states . Combining the three converging runs left us with 15 000 trees sampled from the posterior distribution , which were summarised in TreeAnnotator v2 . 4.3 with the common ancestor heights option ( Heled and Bouckaert , 2013 ) .

Primary analysis , structured coalescent estimates four parameters : rate of coalescence in human viruses , rate of coalescence in camel viruses , rate of migration from the human deme to the camel deme and rate of migration from the camel deme to the human deme . Analyses were run on codon position partitioned data with two separate HKY + " 4 ( Hasegawa et al . , 1985 ; Yang , 1994 ) nucleotide substitution models specified for codon positions 1 + 2 and 3 . A relaxed molecular clock with branch rates drawn from a lognormal distribution ( Drummond et al . , 2006 ) was used to infer the evolutionary rate from date calibrated tips . Default priors were used for all parameters except for migration rates between demes for which an exponential prior with mean 1.0 was used . All analyses were run for 200 million steps across ten independent Markov chains ( MCMC runs ) and states were sampled every 20 000 steps . Due to the complexity of multitype tree parameter space 50 % of states from every analysis were discarded as burn-in , convergence assessed in Tracer v1 . 6 and states combined using LogCombiner distributed with BEAST v2 . 4.3 ( Bouckaert et al . , 2014 ) . Three chains out of ten did not converge and were discarded altogether . This left 70 000 states on which to base posterior inference . Posterior sets of typed ( where migrating branches from structured coalescent are collapsed , and migration information is left as a switch in state between parent and descendant nodes ) trees were summarised using TreeAnnotator v2 . 4.3 with the common ancestor heights option ( Heled and Bouckaert , 2013 ) . A maximum likelihood phylogeny showing just the genetic relationships between MERS-CoV genomes from camels and humans was recovered using PhyML ( Guindon et al . , 2003 ) under a HKY + " 4 ( Hasegawa et al . , 1985 ; Yang , 1994 ) nucleotide substitution model and is shown in Figure S14 .

All MERS-CoV sequences were downloaded from GenBank and accession numbers are given in Table S1 . Sequences without accessions were kindly shared by Ali M . Somily , Mazin Barry , Sarah S . Al Subaie , Abdulaziz A . BinSaeed , Fahad A . Alzamil , Waleed Zaher , Theeb Al Qahtani , Khaldoon Al Jerian , Scott J.N. McNabb , Imad A . Al-Jahdali , Ahmed M . Alotaibi , Nahid A . Batarfi , Matthew Cotten , Simon J . Watson , Spela Binter , and Paul Kellam prior to publication . Fragments of some strains submitted to GenBank as separate accessions were assembled into a single sequence . Only sequences covering at least 50 % of MERS-CoV genome were kept , to facilitate later analyses where the alignment is split into two parts in order to account for effects of recombination ( Dudas and Rambaut , 2016 ) . Sequences were annotated with available collection dates and hosts , designated as camel or human , aligned with MAFFT ( Katoh and Standley , 2013 ) , and edited manually . Protein coding sequences were extracted and concatenated , reducing alignment length from 30130 down to 29364 , which allowed for codon-partitioned substitution models to be used . The final dataset consisted of 174 genomes from human infections and 100 genomes from camel infections ( Table S1 ) .

From sequence data we identify at least 50 zoonotic introductions of MERS-CoV into humans from the reservoir ( Figure 1 ) , from which we extrapolate that hundreds more such introductions must have taken place ( Figure 3 ) . Although we recover migration rates from our model ( Figure S2 ) , these only pertain to sequences and in no way reflect the epidemiologically relevant per capita rates of zoonotic spillover events . We also looked at potential seasonality in MERS-CoV spillover into humans . Our analyses indicated a period of three months where the odds of a sequenced spillover event are increased , with timing consistent with an enzootic amongst camel calves ( Figure 2 ) . As a result of our identification of large and asymmetric flow of viral lineages into humans we also find that the basic reproduction number for MERS-CoV in humans is well below the epidemic threshold ( Figure 3 ) . Having said that , there are highly customisable coalescent methods available that extend the methods used here to accommodate time varying migration rates and population sizes , integrate alternative sources of information and fit to stochastic nonlinear models ( Rasmussen et al . , 2014 ) , which would be more appropriate for MERS-CoV . Some distinct aspects of MERS-CoV epidemiology could not be captured in our methodology , such as hospital outbreaks where R 0 is expected to be consistently closer to 1.0 compared to community transmission of MERS-CoV . Outside of coalescent-based models there are population structure models that explicitly relate epidemiological parameters to the branching process observed in sequence data ( Kühnert et al . , 2016 ) , but often rely on specifying numerous informative priors and can suffer from MCMC convergence issues .

Owing to these findings , we performed a sensitivity analysis in which we partitioned the MERS-CoV genome into two fragments and identified human outbreak clusters within each fragment . We find strong similarity in the grouping of human cases into outbreak clusters between fragments ( Figure 4 A ) . Between the two trees in figure 4 B four ( out of 54 ) ' human ' clades are expanded where either singleton introductions or two-taxon clades in fragment 2 join other clades in fragment 1 . For the reverse comparison there are five ' human ' clades ( out of 53 ) in fragment 2 that are expanded . All such clades have low divergence ( figure 4 B ) and thus incongruences in human clades are more likely to be caused by differences in deme assignment rather than actual recombination . And while we observe evidence of distinct phylogenetic trees from different parts of the MERS-CoV genome ( Figure 4 B ) , human clades are minimally affected and large portions of the posterior probability density in both parts of the genome are concentrated in shared clades ( Figure S12 ) . Additionally , we observe the same source-sink dynamics between camel and human populations in trees constructed from separate genomic fragments as were observed in the original full genome tree ( Figures 1 , 4 B ) .

Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus ( MERS-CoV ) is a zoonotic virus from camels causing significant mortality and morbidity in humans in the Arabian Peninsula . The epidemiology of the virus remains poorly understood , and while casebased and seroepidemiological studies have been employed extensively throughout the epidemic , viral sequence data have not been utilised to their full potential . Here we use existing MERS-CoV sequence data to explore its phylodynamics in two of its known major hosts , humans and camels . We employ structured coalescent models to show that long-term MERS-CoV evolution occurs exclusively in camels , whereas humans act as a transient , and ultimately terminal host . By analysing the distribution of human outbreak cluster sizes and zoonotic introduction times we show that human outbreaks in the Arabian peninsula are driven by seasonally varying zoonotic transfer of viruses from camels . Without heretofore unseen evolution of host tropism , MERS-CoV is unlikely to become endemic in humans .

Type Seasonal driver ( s )

In order to explore documented seasonal cycles in human infections , the websites of the United States Centers for Disease Control ( WHO ) , and the European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control were searched to compile a list of 60 + communicable diseases of public health interest . Careful attention was paid to include neglected tropical diseases that may be underrepresented in disease notification systems . For each infection , online WHO disease information pages were used to determine whether the disease is acute or chronic . When the nature of the infection could not be established from the WHO disease information page , this information was gathered from online CDC disease factsheets . Google scholar was then used to systematically search for information regarding disease seasonality . For each of the diseases , a search was conducted using " [ disease name ] AND season . " When needed , I also added " AND human " to the search term for zoonotic diseases . When searches needed to be more specific , a search for " [ disease name ] AND seasonality " was conducted . Most diseases had very few papers that specifically focused on seasonality ( based on their titles and abstracts ) ; the most relevant paper ( s ) presented in top search results were used in Tables 1 - 4 . The method employed here was meant to provide a broad overview of many infections as opposed to detailed information regarding any individual infection . A short description of the seasonality and hypothesized seasonal drivers were then summarized in Tables 1 - 4 . In the broadest sense , seasonal drivers can be separated into four categories : ( 1 ) environmental factors , ( 2 ) host behavior , ( 3 ) host phenology , and ( 4 ) exogenous biotic factors . These seasonal drivers may enter into disease transmission dynamics by way of hosts , reservoirs , and / or vectors . In surveying the literature to gauge the breadth of seasonal drivers acting upon human infectious disease systems ( Tables 1 - 4 ) , specific seasonal drivers were found to include ( a ) vector seasonality , ( b ) seasonality in nonhuman animal host ( i.e. , livestock , other domestic animals , or wildlife ) , ( c ) seasonal climate ( e.g. , temperature , precipitation , etc . ) , ( d ) seasonal nonclimatic abiotic environment ( e.g. , water salinity ) , ( e ) seasonal co-infection , ( f ) seasonal exposure and / or behavior and / or contact rate , ( g ) seasonal biotic environment ( e.g. , algal density in waterbodies ) , and ( h ) seasonal flare-ups / symptoms and / or remission / latency .

Within the fields of infectious disease ecology and epidemic modeling , seasonal variation in transmission is known as seasonal forcing [ 78 ] . Over the past century , attention has been paid to detailing the cyclicity and mechanisms of seasonal forcing for a few diseases of public interest , such as measles , influenza , and cholera ( e.g. , see contemporary work by [ 3 , 79 , 80 ] ) . Despite these notable examples , disease seasonality has yet to be systemically and / or rigorously characterized for the majority of infections .

A thought experiment can be used to illustrate how anomalous years and interannual variation could be used to establish causal mechanisms of disease seasonality . Let 's consider a human disease with peak incidence in the summer , such as polio [ 6 ] . Because incidence peaks in summer , it would have a strong positive relationship with temperature , photoperiod ( day length ) , and many other summer-related features of the environment and human populations . To highlight how noncausal seasonal factors could misleadingly correlate with disease incidence , we could quantify what would be a likely strong positive relationship between disease incidence and the sale of summer-related items that have nothing to do with transmission ( e.g. , bathing suit or ice cream sales ) . Let 's imagine we build a transmission model for this infection and test three potential seasonal drivers ( e.g. , temperature , photoperiod , and bathing suit sales ) . We find that all three model variants capture the seasonal structure of the epidemics because they all contain a covariate with the necessary seasonal structure . However , if the disease displays ( 1 ) interannual variation in epidemic size and / or ( 2 ) anomalous years with differences in epidemic timing that can not be explained by demography or susceptible recruitment dynamics , then only the model with data from the causal driver would improve our ability to predict the variation in incidence observed among years .

In addition to abiotic , behavioral , and phenological features of host-parasite systems , hosts and their parasites are embedded within ecological communities that have additional seasonal aspects . We can refer to biotic factors driven by ecological communities as exogenous biotic factors because they are exogenous to any given host-parasite dyad , host-vector-parasite triad , or multi-host system . Exogenous biotic factors include ( 1 ) interactions that take place within hosts-specifically parasite-parasite interactions-and ( 2 ) interactions within the ecological community of hosts , reservoirs , and vectors .

This challenge of identifying seasonal drivers and their mechanisms of action becomes greater when considering chronic infections , vector-borne diseases , and parasites with complex life histories and phenology of their own . In reviewing seasonal drivers of human disease systems for Tables 1 - 4 , human phenology seemed to be particularly relevant for diseases that have seasonal flare-ups / symptoms and / or remission / latency ; this includes some chronic infectious diseases , such as tuberculosis and yaws , along with Meningococcal disease , which is acute ( Tables 2 - 4 ) . Although the study of human phenology is a relatively new research area , phenology of vectors and nonhuman animals is well studied and could be the most common cause of vector seasonality and seasonality in nonhuman animal hosts , which impact diseases such as Zika ( Table 4 ) and Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus ( MERS-CoV ) ( Table 3 ) .

Marburg Acute b Seasonal incidence in bat reservoirs ( in Uganda ) ; seasonal peaks coincided with the twice-annual birthing season [ 46 ] Measles Acute f Elevated transmission driven by aggregation of children in school ; seasonality in developing countries related to agricultural cycles [ 47 , 48 ] Meningococcal disease Acute c and h Incidence varies seasonally in both tropical and temperate countries . Elevated incidence during the dry season ( in sub-Saharan Africa ) . [ 49 ] MERS-CoV Acute b

Public controversies over islet allograft and xenograft render visible the ambiguity of our taken for granted boundaries concerning species difference , knowledge production , and risk management in transplantation surgery and experimentation . As note above , the Australian ban on clinical xenotransplantation coincided with the JDRF moratorium on islet allotransplantation in 2007 . These incidences illustrate that the risk of infectious diseases is problematic not only in xenotransplantation but also in allotransplantation . Stringent measures are necessary to regulate both experimental and routine transplantation . Ironically , the ban on xenotransplantation clinical trials provided protection for patients in a way which was not available to transplant recipients and research participants receiving islet allografts under the Edmonton Protocol . In its 2009 report on xenotransplantation , the NHMRC omitted a discussion on the JDRF global moratorium in the context of islet allograft . Yet , allotransplantation is also an important point of comparison for its analysis of xenotransplantation . As noted above , the NHMRC paper articulated the claim that ' xenograft may be safer than allograft ' ( National Health Medical Research Council NHMRC 2009 b , 21 ) . In its support of clinical xenotransplantation , NHMRC advocated the practice of screening source pigs and monitoring for infectious diseases without addressing the limitations of such procedures . Due to the possibility of human error , a rigorous and robust approach on the regulation of clinical xenotransplantation would also need to take account of potential accidents and inadvertence . British biochemist and Nobel laureate , Richard Roberts , made the obvious point succinctly , ' Humans are human . People make mistakes ' ( Sample 2014 , 32 ) . With the expiry of the xenotransplantation moratorium in Canada , Australia and elsewhere , it remains to be seen how clinical research in this field will unfold and whether developments in virology will have a bearing on the future trajectory of experimental transplantation as has been the case in the past .

Given these comments , it is clear that organ transplantation involve an appraisal of the costs and benefits whereby access to the technology of transplantation is conditional on a marginal though potentially serious risk of disease . There are no possible safeguards against unknown diseases . Neither are there safeguards where an effective test for known diseases has yet to be designed and implemented in the screening procedure . In addition to the cases of LCMV and LCMV-like arenavirus , other infections found in organ recipients include parasites , rabies , HIV , West Nile virus , Chagas ' disease , herpes simplex virus and hepatitis B and hepatitis C viruses ( Fishman and AST Infectious Diseases Community of Practice 2009 ) . Thus , similarly to the practice of xenotransplantation , patients seeking an organ transplant bear the risk of contracting an infectious disease which can not be identified through the existing screening processes . Moreover , the incidence has catalysed a debate as to whether Australia should introduce a policy to inform patients of the variability of organ quality ( Sunday Age 2013 ) . The surviving partner of one of the deceased patients remarked that she and her partner would have thought twice about the transplant operation if they were aware that the donated kidney was ' borderline ' ( Elder 2013 ) .

The Victorian Coroner found that the LCMV-like virus was the underlying cause of the deaths of all three organ recipients . She concluded that the screening process adopted for organ retrieval was ' reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances and of itself could not have added any additional information that was likely to have altered the outcome ' ( Coroners Court of Victoria 2013 a , b , c , 27 ) . The coroner 's findings were based in part on submissions made by surgeons involved in organ procurement and transplantation . Professor Robert Jones , Director of the Liver Transplant Unit at the Austin Hospital submitted :

In . The AITP focused on the development of an immunosuppression protocol to protect graft tissue and minimise renal impairment . Consistent with overseas studies , data from the AITP confirmed improvements in metabolic outcomes and patient health following islet transplantation . Professor Tom Kay , Head of Islet Transplantation program at SVH , commented , ' What I thought were pretty serious sideeffects are manageable and justifiable ' ( O ' Connell 2013 ) . '

Due to the outcomes of the Edmonton study , the field of islet transplantation attracted considerable public and private money . The first major initiative was the Immune Tolerance Network ( ITN ) funded by JDRF International , the National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases ( NIDDK ) , the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases ( NIAID ) . The program received US $144 million to begin its research activities in mid-2000 ( Associated Press Newswire 2000 . The aim of the ITN is the development of new immune tolerance therapies . In July 2000 , US President Bill Clinton launched the first international multi-centre study funded under the ITN . The study involved nine research centres located in the US , Canada and Europe . Robert Goldstein , Chief Scientific Officer of the JDRF commented , ' The ITN is an intellectual powerhouse . It is exciting to see so many world-leaders working together with a single goal in mind ' ( Associated Press Newswire 2000 ) . Four years later at the 64 th Annual Meeting of the American Diabetes Association in Florida , Shapiro announced the outcomes of the ITN study . He reported that approximately half of the cohort ( 19 out of the 36 participants ) continued to be insulin-independent for up to 1 year post-transplant ( Biotech Week 2004 ) . These positive results offered encouragement for researchers to continue their investigations .

Without insulin the body is unable to use glucose , its primary fuel & sugar and starch in the diabetic 's diet turn into poison , clogging the bloodstream with unusable glucose : the glucose is eliminated in sweet-tasting urine as the body 's cells literally starve in the midst of plenty . Insulin-deficient patients are both thirsty and ravenous , but the more they eat , the faster they waste away ( Zuger 2010 ) .

Whereas public consultation was a key aspect of the Australian national inquiry on xenotransplantation , the decision to lift the moratorium did not involve any input from the Australia public . As such , this decision has been called into question by its critics . AAHR issued a media release to call for a public debate . It maintains that a ' community decision ' is necessary since ' it will be the general public that will pay the ultimate penalty for any fallout ' ( Australian Association for Humane Research 2009 ) . Sociologist , Peta Cook , noted that ' all forms of ctXTP [ clinical xenotransplantation ] are now theoretically possible in Australia ( subject to ethical approval ) ' ( Cook 2014 , 681 ) . She argued that the public was marginalised and their diverse knowledge devalued because the public consultation conducted by the XWP did not facilitate ' meaningful public engagement ' ( Cook 2011 , 67 ) . At the same time , however , she also acknowledged that public input had a bearing on government decision-making . Cook wrote , this decision [ ie placing a 5 - year moratorium on all forms of clinical xenotransplantation ] was informed by community concerns and the scientific uncertainty surround zoonosis & and social anxieties regarding animal welfare and use & this outcome suggests that the NHMRC respects the community and the issues that they raised , the lifting of the moratorium on 10 December 2009 suggests otherwise ' ( Cook 2014 , 681 ) .

At its 155 th session , the NHMRC Council declined to endorse the Final Report and Draft Guidelines . The XWP proposed the establishment of a national committee to oversee research on animal cell therapies and animal external therapies , comparable to UKIXRA ( Xenotransplantation Working Party XWP 2004 , 27 ) . They also recommended that cellular and external xenogeneic therapies should be given an ' extremely cautious " green light " if such trials were strictly regulated in Australia . ' However , in response to both proposals , Council decided otherwise . In its subsequent Communique , Council declared that ' there should be no clinical trials in Australia using animal cellular therapies or animal therapies for 5 years ' ( National Health Medical Research Council NHMRC 2004 b ) . ' In a follow-up media release issued on 10th March 2005 , the NHMRC Council explained that its decision to ban all forms of xenotransplantation was made on the basis that the ' risks of transmission of animal viruses to transplant recipients and the wider community had not been adequately resolved . In addition , xenotransplantation research was at an early stage and clinical trials in the foreseeable future were unlikely to be of significant benefit to research participants ' ( National Health Medical Research Council NHMRC 2005 ) . The only exception to the moratorium appeared to be the established practice of culturing human skin tissue on ' feeder layers of irradiated mouse cells ' to treat burn patients ( National Health Medical Research Council NHMRC 2005 ) . Council also instructed GTRAP to monitor developments in the field and provide updates to Council . It stated that it would reconsider its position if new information became available ( National Health Medical Research Council NHMRC 2005 ) . On the direction of Council , the final report and draft guidelines were made public as ' not endorsed ' documents . 13 The Australian xenotransplantation moratorium was implemented from 2005 to 2009 . Towards the end stages of the moratorium , the NHMRC Council revisited the issue to consider the future direction of xenotransplantation research in Australia . A media release was issued on the 10 th December 2009 . Michael Good , Chairperson of the NHMRC Council , stated , ' After careful consideration , the Council is of the view that , although there is a wide range of community views on the topic , xenotransplantation research was acceptable in Australia when there are robust regulations in place ' ( National Health Medical Research Council NHMRC 2009 a ) . NHMRC indicated that it would develop guidance documents for researchers and ethics committees based on advice from AHEC and the Animal Welfare Committee . The announcement was welcomed by researchers and JDRF ( Australia ) . Living Cell Technology Ltd ( LCT ) , a private research company based in New Zealand , immediately issued a media release expressing its intentions to expand its xenotransplantation clinical trials into Australia ( Living Cell Technologies 2009 ) . At the time , LCT had just resumed it xenotransplantation clinical trials in New Zealand . The New Zealand moratorium on clinical xenotransplantation was lifted in December 2006 .

Interest groups added to the debate by publishing contradictory outcomes from two separate public opinion surveys conducted in 2004 . A poll commissioned by Pfizer Australia and Transplant Australia 12 found that 70 % of respondents would accept an organ from an animal in ' a life-or-death situation ' ( Wood 2004 , 24 ) . This study surveyed 1500 people from all states and territories ( Anderson 2004 , 14 ) . On the other hand , the Australian Association for Humane Research ( AAHR ) presented a contrary perspective based on the outcomes of a Newspoll survey they commissioned . Newspoll interviewed 1200 adults in late May 2004 . The survey revealed that only 5 % of interviewees knew what xenotransplantation was and 31 % did not think that the process should be approved for clinical trials ( The Mercury 2004 , 6 ) . AAHR reported that the three most common reasons for opposing xenotransplantation included ' the belief that it is unethical & that humans and animals are too different & and that it is dangerous to human health ' ( AAHR 2004 ) . Given the lack of public awareness about xenotransplanation , AAHR concluded that the education campaign conducted by XWP was ineffective and the approval of xenotransplantation clinical trials would place ' the Australian public at risk without their knowledge and informed consent ' ( AAHR 2004 ) .

Written and oral responses from individuals and organisations feed back into the design of the second round of public consultation . The XWP acknowledged ' the submissions and discussion at the public meetings raised many significant concerns and identified issues that were not fully covered by the Discussion Paper or were in need of further consideration and discussion ' ( XWP 2003 a , para 2.3 ) . The XWP reported that there were two shortcomings in the initial consultation : ( i ) many participants only considered solid organ xenotransplantation , and ( ii ) participants did not represent ' all interest groups ' ( XWP 2003 a , para 1.15 - 1.16 ) . They noted that there were few submissions from transplant recipients and patients who may benefit from xenogeneic therapies ( XWP 2003 a , para 2.9 ) . As such , for the second consultation , the XWP engaged the services of a public relations company to promote community engagement and increase public participation . The XWP was also expanded to include new members with expertise in animal welfare , clinical trials regulation and the management of infectious diseases ( XWP 2003 a , para 1.18 ) . An Animal Issues Sub-Committee ( AIS ) was formed to address the issue of animal ethics , animal welfare and the use of animals in experimental transplantation ( XWP 2003 a , para 1.18 ) . The Terms of Reference for the XWP was redrafted with minor modifications ( XWP 2003 a , para 1.23 ) . A separate Terms of Reference was prepared for the AIS ( XWP 2003 a , para 1.24 ) .

Following comments made by Daar , commentators in the xenotransplantation debate often reiterate that ' viruses do not carry passports ' ( Daar 1997 , 975 ) . Based my reading of documents from diverse sources , I will illustrate that viruses not only evade national borders , they also do not adhere to our conceptual boundaries and disciplinary categories . The Canadian and Australian moratoriums on experimental islet transplantation clearly demonstrate that the discourse of contagion is equally applicable to both allotransplantation and xenotransplantation . Through a historical and comparative narrative , I offer an alternative perspective on the xenotransplantation controversy and its significance for research regulation and public understanding of contagion in transplantation medicine . My paper consists of five components . In Part I , I provide an overview of the history of pancreatic islet allo-and xenotransplantation to treat diabetes . Part II recounts the beginning of the xenotransplantation controversy as it unfolded in Europe and the US including the introduction of global regulations for clinical xenotransplantation . Parts III and IV review national responses on xenotransplantation in Canada and Australia , respectively . Finally , in Part V , I discuss the problem of contagion in organ and tissue transplantation with a focus on the moratorium issued by JDRF International . The overlap between the Australian ban on xenotransplantation and the global moratorium on islet allotransplantation offer a key site to investigate the limits of regulatory responses to clinical experimentation and public health risks . Moreover , controversies over organ and tissue transplantation implicating species categories complicate and confound our assumptions regarding the relationships between human and animal , between routine surgery and clinical experimentation , between biomedical science and social science , and between disease risks and material contagion .

Personally I find the fifth recommendation bothersome , " that stringent & regulations be developed to cover all aspects of xenotransplantation clinical trials , " because this regulatory framework already exists . Why did the Public Advisory Group not summarize the Proposed Canadian Standard in layperson terms and then present this ? & Considering that 35 % of the " no " votes were qualified ( i.e. , not yet ) and that one of the major concerns expressed by the public concerned the development of appropriate regulations , how can the results of this expensive exercise be valid when this key information was withheld ? Surely the whole object of the exercise was to educate the panellists before asking them to vote ? ( Wright 2002 , 41 ) .

Though infectious diseases have been a focus of research in the biomedical science , it has generally been a neglected topic in social science inquiry on xenotransplantation . As such , this paper asks , what new knowledge concerning biological contagion was uncovered during the implementation of the xenotransplantation moratorium in Canada and Australia ? What are the social and policy ramifications of this knowledge ? A temporary prohibition on clinical xenotransplantation was not the only policy ban in the context of human experimentation . In 2007 , the Australian ban coincided with a temporary global moratorium on the transplantation of human islets ( insulin-producing cells ) issued by the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation International ( JDRF International ) . The JDRF moratorium took effect in a number of countries including Canada and Australia . This paper examines the co-existing moratoriums on islet allograft and xenograft to consider its wider ramifications for public policy and research governance . In addition to a comparative analysis on the Canadian and Australia responses , this paper also explores islet transplantation within the historical context of diabetes research . Biomedical research on the practice of islet grafting has a long history extending back to the late nineteenth century . Though Canada and Australia are Commonwealth countries , the cultures of science and regulation in these jurisdictions exhibit differences both across borders and across timescapes ( Adam 1998 ) . 2 Situating the controversy over xenotransplantation in its historical context , can inform our understanding of continuity , contingency , disruption and anticipation in the trajectory of scientific research on islet allograft and xenograft .

Following the public consultation , PAG prepared a report which put forward seven recommendations . The first recommendation advised that Canada not proceed with xenotransplantation clinical trials . The report concluded that ' the majority of informed Canadians do not support xenotransplantation at this time ' ( CPHA 2001 , vi ) . PAG explained that this outcome ' did not mean that most informed Canadians were absolutely opposed to xenotransplantation . However , they favoured a precautionary approach ' ( CPHA 2001 , 30 ) . The report also identified a number of critical issues yet to be resolved including potential health risks , lack of pre-clinical knowledge , unexplored alternatives therapies and the inadequacy of existing regulations to govern xenotransplantation clinical trials ( CPHA 2001 , vi ) .

PAG commenced the process of public engagement in 2001 with an education and awareness program . Given the Canadian draft standard on xenotransplantation , their public consultation focused on one overarching question : ' should Health Canada proceed with xenotransplantation and , if so , under what conditions ? ' ( Einsiedel et al 2011 b , 20 ) . PAG sought public input through two approaches : ( i ) an open model and ( ii ) a representative model ( Einsiedel et al 2011 b , 26 - 27 ) . The first approach surveyed public opinion through different modes of communications including website questionnaire , stakeholder mail survey and informal feedback through letters and email . The second is based on a large telephone poll and a series of citizen jury or citizen foras . A total of 1519 Canadian participated in the telephone survey which involved answering 60 questions ( Einsiedel et al 2011 b , 29 ) . PAG held six forums at regional sites across the country . Similarly to the telephone poll , invitation to attend the citizen forum was based on a random sampling process .

Towards the end of 1997 , Health Canada appointed an expert advisory committee to convene a National Forum on Xenotransplantation . As in other jurisdictions , the committee comprised of experts from the biomedical and social sciences including surgeons , veterinarians , virologists , lawyers and philosophers . The forum addressed the clinical , regulatory and ethical aspects of xenotransplantation . It recommended that ' the public must be involved in all stages of discussion on these issues and have their perspectives incorporated into decision-making ' ( Einsiedel et al . 2011 a , 624 ) . As a consequence , a planning workshop was held in April 2000 to design a process of public consultation with stakeholders . Following the workshop , Health Canada engaged the Canadian Public Health Association ( CPHA ) to organise an arms-length public consultation . In turn , CPHA hired the Public Advisory Group ( PAG ) to carry out the public consultation ( Einsiedel et al . 2010 ) . Prior to the work of PAG , the Proposed Canadian Standard for Xenotransplantation was issued for public comment in 1999 . The proposed standards were written by members of the expert advisory committee . It was intended for the regulation of xenotransplantation clinical trials in Canada .

Though Bach was not able to substantively influence the policy discourse in the US , he did do so across the border . In February 1998 , the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation hosted a debate between Bach and Daniel Salomon on national radio . 8 Bach also co-authored a paper for the Canadian Medical Association Journal with neurologist , Adrian Ivinson ( Ivinson and Bach 2002 ) . They explained their argument for public participation by drawing an analogy with the controversy over genetically modified food and referring to Hendrik Verfaille , the President of Monsanto . In his pledge for a ' new company , ' Varfaille stated :

What we are collectively doing now and planning to do in the future with xenograft transplants creates the ideal conditions for animal viruses or infections to cross the species barrier into humans and proliferate & Xenotransplants thus represent one of the best experiments we could devise to ' create ' new infectious agents . It would be somewhat paradoxical if the main legacy of modern medicine 's involvement in transplantation were another infection such as HIV ( Collignon 1998 , 519 ) .

Bach et al argued that a moratorium was not ' anti-science ' ( Bach et al . 1998 b , 373 ) . Rather , a temporary ban on xenotransplantation would afford the public an opportunity to participate in the debate . In other words , it is ' a way of respecting the rights of the public , thus preserving the trust of the public in science ' ( Bach et al . 1998 b , 373 ) . This proposal is comparable to that required for individuals to participate in biomedical research . It has been described a form of ' societal consent ' ( Bach 1999 , 66 ) , ' community consent ' ( Daar 1999 , 58 ) , or ' social informed consent ' ( Persson and Welin 2008 , 53 ) . If the informed consent of the relevant community is not forthcoming , then xenotransplantation clinical trials should not proceed .

Shortly after Patience et al published their research results , Fritz Bach initiated a call for a national review and moratorium on xenotransplantation clinical trials . Bach is a prominent transplant immunologist and the Lewis Thomas Distinguished Professor of Immunology ( Surgery ) at Harvard Medical School . Notwithstanding his strong commitment to xenograft research , Bach argued against the premature introduction of such experimental procedures ( Monaco 2011 ) . He advocated for public debate and input to determine whether or not it was justifiable to undertake the research notwithstanding the inherent public health risks . Bach called for a moratorium until ethical questions could be resolved . In his view , ethical issues preceded technical scientific considerations .

Perhaps unbeknown to the journalist , Barnard also performed two cardiac xenotransplants in Cape Town , South Africa . Due to a lack of available donor hearts , Barnard resorted to hearts from non-human primates as a bridging device . 5 Initially , he implanted a baboon heart into a 25 year old female patient . Barnard then repeated the procedure transplanting a chimpanzee heart into a 60 year old male patient . The survival periods were poor in both cases : 5.5 h and 4 days , respectively . Although Barnard had planned to continue performing xenotransplantation , he subsequently abandoned his idea conceding that he ' became too attached to the chimpanzee ' ( Cooper and Lanza 2000 , 194 ) .

In parallel with developments in islet allotransplantation , scientists have also begun to experiment with porcine islets . Just over a century after Watson Williams attempted to transplant ovine pancreatic tissue , researchers have revived xenotransplantation as a possible therapy to cure diabetes and other conditions . Porcine islets have been sourced from fetal , neonatal and adult pigs . Source pigs may be wild-type or genetically modified . Pigs are an ideal source of islet cells because they are readily available , breed quickly , produce large litters and display insulin secretion patterns comparable to those found in humans ( Liu and Harlan 2008 ) . Porcine insulin was used to treat diabetics for many decades . The hyper-acute rejection of pig tissue may be ameliorated through cloning and genetic modification . Though pigs are generally the preferred source animal , researchers have also experimented with islet cells from other species including cows , rabbit and fish ( Mihalicz et al . 2011 ) . By comparison to non-human primates , pigs pose less disease risks and less ethical concerns since they are lower on the evolutionary scale ( Boneva and Folks 2004 ) .

12 Transplant Australia is a ' national charity representing transplant recipients , donor families , living donors and all those touched by organ and tissue donation and transplantation . ' For further information , see their website : < http://transplant.org.au/# > . 13 In a 2014 paper , Cook noted that the ' final recommendations of the XWP & are & no longer freely available on the internet ' ( Cook 2014 , Footnote 4 , 684 ) . I concur with her observation . It appears that the Final Report of the XWP and the NHMRC media release dated 10th March 2005 have been retracted .

Xenotransplantation is ' the practice of transplanting , implanting or infusing cells , tissues or organs from one species to another ' ( Ravelingien et al . 2002 , 92 ) . It may involve internal or external xenogenic therapies 1 designed as a temporary bridging device or as a ' final solution to end-stage organ failure ' ( Boneva and Folks 2004 , 504 ) . For the purpose of addressing organ scarcity , scientists have generally experimented with organs and tissues from different breeds of pigs . However , towards the end of the 1990s , virologists began to query the safety of xenotransplantation due to the possibility of infectious diseases caused by porcine endogenous retroviruses . A number of scientists called for a moratorium until the controversy could be resolved through open debate and public policy .

In July of 2013 , fecal samples from diarrheal sows , collected in a pig farm in Jiangsu province of east China , were submitted to our lab for routine laboratory diagnostics . PEDV positivity was confirmed by reverse transcription PCR ( RT-PCR ) according to the method reported previously [ 2 ] . One of the PEDV-positive samples , from a sow with very mild clinical sign , was used to inoculate into Vero cells to isolate the virus , as described previously [ 2 ] . This PEDV strain , designated FL2013 strain , was successfully passaged and propagated , as characterized by typical PEDV-induced cytopathic effects ( CPE ) , such as cell fusion and syncytia formation ( data not shown ) , which was similar to what we observed for the CHGD-01 strains [ 2 ] . The other field PEDV samples collected from pigs with severe clinical sign could not adapt to Vero cells . The complete genomic cDNA of the FL2013 strain was further determined using the 3rd cell culture passaging virus by amplification of twelve regions covering the PEDV genome as described previously [ 2 ] . The sequences were assembled and analyzed using DNASTAR program and MEGA6 . 0 program [ 9 ] .

Computational evaluation of prediction results . The accuracy of the predictions was assessed using the technique of five-fold cross-validation . By this approach , 20 % of the positive and negative data are withheld during training and , once training is completed , the model predictions are tested on the withheld data . This process is repeated five times , with a different fraction of data withheld each time . The average precision over these five trials was 89 % ; the recall was 27 % .

3 ) Interactions from Formstecher et al . 13 with scores of ' A ' , ' B ' , or ' C ' . These authors assigned confidence scores to their data such that A > B > C > D > E .

showing a positive result . When an interaction is tested directly in the second phase of a pooling experiment its posterior probability is updated as follows :

captures the number of times pair ij has been in the sample space of the first phase of a pooling experiment using assay type

Assuming that k is small ( which is generally true for most pools ) we can approximate

Dividing by the numerator gives :

As another means of evaluating prediction results , we withheld GO Biological Process annotations from training and prediction and instead used them to score the biological relevance of the predicted interactions . We computed the number of pairs sharing at least one annotation as well as the average depth of shared annotations . We then generated 2000 sets of random gene pairs , each set with as many pairs as we predicted , and computed the above two indexes for all random sets . The actual predicted interactions had a much larger number of pairs sharing GO biological process annotations ( 5832 ) than the distribution of shared annotations among random pairs , which had a maximum value of 740 ( p < 2.2 x 10 -16 ) . Similarly , the average depth of shared annotations for the predictions ( 7.5 ) was significantly larger than the depths of the sets of random pairs , which reached a maximum of 6.5 ( < 2.2 x 10 -16 ) .

Immunization with naked genes ( DNA-immunization ) is a perspective modern approach to prophylactic as well as therapeutic vaccination against pathogens , as well as cancer and allergy . A panel of DNA immunogens has been developed , some are already in the clinical trials . However , the immunogenicity of DNA vaccines , specifically of those applied to humans , needs a considerable improvement . There are several approaches to increase DNA vaccine immunogenicity . One approach implies the modifications of the encoded immunogen that change its processing and presentation , and thus the overall pattern of anti-immunogen response . For this , eukaryotic expression vectors are constructed that encode the chimeric proteins composed of the immunogen and specialized targeting or signal se- / nOrnithine decarboxylase , RT - HIV-1 reverse transcriptase , CRT - Ca 2 + - binding protein calreticulin , HVP-16 - human papilloma virus 16 , LAMP-1 - lysosome-associated protein 1 , sarsN - nucleocapsid SARS coronavirus protein , LCMV - lymphocytic choriomeningitis virus , MHC I - major histocompatibility complex class I , MHC II - major histocompatibility complex class II

In this prospective and controlled study , 19 conventionally raised calves ( Holstein-Friesian , male ) were included . Animals originated from one farm without any history of Chlamydia-associated health problems . Before the study , the herd of origin was regularly checked for the presence of Chlamydiae by the National Reference Laboratory for Psittacosis . Calves were purchased at the age of 15 to 27 days weighing between 47.2 and 71.2 kg . After a quarantine period of at least 21 days and confirmation of a clinically healthy status , animals were included in the study . Exclusion of co-infections and standard antibiotic treatment after purchase , i.e. about 3 weeks before challenge , was performed as described previously [ 31 , 34 ] . Briefly , the presence of Mycoplasma , Pasteurella , or Mannheimia spp . was evaluated in nasal swabs taken immediately before challenge and before necropsy , as well as in lung tissue samples obtained during necropsy . Serology was used to check for antibodies against Mycoplasma bovis , bovine respiratory syncytial virus , parainfluenza 3 virus , adenovirus type 3 , bovine herpes virus 1 , and bovine virus diarrhea / mucosal disease virus . Results did not suggest the presence of respiratory co-infections in any animal included in this study . Throughout the entire study , animals were reared under standardized conditions ( room climate : 18 - 20 ° C , rel . humidity : 60 - 65 % ) and in accordance with international guidelines for animal welfare . Uninfected controls were housed separately from infected animals . Nutrition included commercial milk replacers and coarse meal . Water and hay were supplied ad libitum . None of the given feed contained antibiotics .

Lipopolysaccharide binding protein ( LBP ) is known to be expressed in humans in oral and periodontal tissues [ 22 ] , in gastrointestinal epithelia , salivary and mammary gland [ 23 ] and in respiratory type II epithelial cells [ 22 ] . In cows it was shown in several organs and tissues , among them also the lung , salivary and mammary glands [ 23 ] and adipose tissue [ 24 ] . Moreover , like Hp , this protein is considerably induced in mammary gland cells in response to bacterial infection in heifers [ 9 ] .

Haptoglobin ( Hp ) is expressed in human salivary gland , muscle [ 10 ] , lung [ 11 ] , and skin [ 12 , 13 ] . Arterial expression of Hp is enhanced after balloon dilatation and pertains to a unique set of glycoforms different from the synthesis product of the liver [ 14 ] . In cattle the mRNA of this protein has been found constitutively in mammary gland , leukocytes [ 15 ] , and 33 further tissues with comparatively high concentrations in the exocrine pancreas and the submandibular salivary gland [ 16 ] . The expression of Hp could be shown to increase more than 80 - fold in mammary gland cells after focal udder infection of dairy cows [ 8 ] . This could explain that the concentration of Hp in milk increases several hours earlier than in blood [ 17 ] . Moreover , Hp is also released into bronchial fluid in respiratory infection of pigs [ 18 ] and cattle [ 19 ] , and into saliva . Salivary Hp is proposed to serve as early biomarker for porcine virus infections [ 20 ] and as a stress marker [ 21 ] .

In blood serum , albumin , fractions of globulins , and concentration of LBP showed the kinetics of a typical acute phase reaction [ 39 ] [ 40 ] [ 41 ] . The APP LBP showed an increase which paralleled the course of the respiratory score . Levels of the negative APP albumin dropped after onset of chlamydial infection in all animals . Blood levels of both , BSA and LBP correlated with clinical signs , with the correlation of BSA being stronger than the one of LBP . This interesting fact underlines the known importance of BSA and LBP as systemic APPs and markers of inflammation in bovines . The decreased albumin / globulin-quotient resulted from reduced albumin and increased ± - globulin concentrations . Raised concentrations of ± - globulins after infection were due to an increase of acute phase proteins such as ± 1 - antitrypsin , Hp and ± 2 - macroglobulin , which are major components of this fraction . The decrease of the concentration of the 2 - globulin fraction might result from a decrease of transferrin concentrations . Transferrin is the main part of the 2 - globulin fraction and considered a negative acute phase protein in cattle [ 42 ] . Thus the acute phase reaction in calves upon chlamydial infection could hereby be confirmed .

In former studies , the bovine model of acute respiratory infection after inoculation with 10 8 ifu C . psittaci was well characterized in terms of clinical and pathological outcome , various parameters of local and systemic inflammatory response , lung function , acid base status , and spreading and shedding of the pathogen [ 33 , 30 , 29 , 28 ] . All animals developed signs of acute respiratory disease with fever within 36 h pi , with a maximum on 2 and 3 dpi . Clinical signs resolved within one week . Changes in the peripheral blood count were dominated by an increase of neutrophilic granulocytes with a regenerative left shift , followed by leukopenia . From 2 to 9 dpi , increased amounts of neutrophilic granulocytes were found in BALF . Histopathologically , fibrinopurulent bronchopneumonia with multifocal areas of necrosis and pleuritis was seen in the lungs of infected animals . With respect to systemic APPs , the pathophysiologic features mentioned above were accompanied by significant increases of LBP and Hp concentrations in the blood shortly after inoculation ( compare Table 1 ) .

Considering the quotients between the given local marker and BSA in BALF [ local marker ] / [ BSA ] , no significant differences were detected in between the different sampling points in healthy control animals ( Fig . 5 ) . In infected animals 4 dpi , the [ LBP ] / [ BSA ] - quotient was significantly increased as compared to 9 and 14 dpi and to healthy controls and it was significantly higher 9 than 14 dpi ( Fig . 5 a ) . The median of the [ LBP ] / [ BSA ] - quotient 4 dpi was six times higher than in healthy controls and more than eight times higher than in infected animals 14 dpi . The value of the [ Hp ] / [ BSA ] - quotient in infected animals 14 dpi was significantly lower than on 4 and 9 dpi and in healthy controls ( Fig . 5 b ) . The [ Lf ] / [ BSA ] - quotient in BALF supernatant of healthy controls and infected animals 4 dpi was significantly higher than in infected animals 9 and 14 dpi ( Fig . 5 c ) . Significant differences of the values of the [ CRP ] / [ BSA ] - quotients were detected neither between healthy controls and infected animals nor between different time points in infected animals ( Fig . 5 d ) . Nevertheless , there was a tendency for a decrease of the [ CRP ] / [ BSA ] - quotient from 4 to 9 dpi .

By far , the most extensive and promising exploration of VIP for an infectious disease has been against HIV . In the initial study demonstrating the potential of VIP , a recombinant adeno-associated virus ( rAAV ) vector using a dual-promoter system generated both light and heavy chains of IgG1b12 , one of the early broadly neutralizing antibodies described for HIV . The rAAV was injected into the quadricep muscles of immunodeficient mice and biologically active antibody was found in sera for over 6 months [ 10 ] . This study provided the first evidence that rAAV vectors could transfer antibody genes to muscle , and muscle tissue was a suitable platform to produce and distribute the antibodies throughout the circulation [ 11 ] . Follow-on studies used a native macaque SIV gp120-specific Fab molecule as an immunoadhesin , a chimeric , antibody-like molecules that combine the functional domain of a binding protein with immunoglobulin constant domains , which were considered to be superior to single chain ( scFv ) or whole antibody ( IgG ) molecules with respect to achievable steady-state serum concentrations [ 22 ] . Six of nine rhesus macaques were completely protected against intravenous challenge with virulent SIV and still had stable immunoadhesin levels 6 years after injection [ 11 ] . The three subjects not protected were found to have developed an immune response to the immunoadhesin by 3 weeks after injection [ 11 ] .

Vectored Immunoprophylaxis has demonstrated great promise in a variety of pre-clinical studies as a potential adjunct to vaccination in patients not able to respond effectively to immunization or as an alternative to vaccination for infectious diseases not effectively covered by current vaccines . The rapid identification of specific neutralizing antibodies is likely to increase the potential for this method . One could imagine uses for VIP such as an adjunct to vaccination for influenza in the elderly and immunocompromised , for HIV protection in high risk populations , or as part of a ring vaccination strategy in an outbreak of a disease such as Ebola . Many important questions remain , including the ability to produce equally effective clinical results in human trials , the duration of response , and the potential for side-effects . Mutagenesis at the site of transfection is a common concern , but the development of an immune response to the transgene product or the off-target binding of the antibodies are more likely scenarios , either of which could result in decreased efficacy of the procedure or a significant auto-immune reaction . Questions also remain concerning the best vector and the optimal tissue site for transfection . Despite these questions and concerns , the advantages offered in settings ranging from chronic protection of the aged or immunocompromised to rapid protection for early responders in the event of a bioterror or emerging infection event are significant and intriguing . Further preclinical and clinical studies are certainly warranted .

Other platforms have been considered . For example , some authors have suggested the liver as an alternative site [ 35 ] . Unlike muscle , it is designed to secrete circulating proteins . It is also thought to be less immunogenic . However , transduction would require systemic administration of the vector , and there would be no simple means of eliminating expression in the event of a complication . Another potential site could be the salivary glands . While it is well-know that the salivary glands secrete proteins into the oral cavity , it may be less well appreciated that they have also been used as a platform to deliver therapeutic proteins , including the IgG Fc fragment and a host of other proteins , into the systemic circulation [ 36 , 37 ] . Transgenes delivered to the salivary gland tend to favor being sorted either into the saliva or the blood , though it is currently a challenge to predict which direction a particular protein will sort [ 7 ] . The major paired salivary glands are also easily accessible , and the parotid glands are encapsulated , which minimizes vector spillage into the general circulation . Futhermore , in the event of complications , the transfected glands could be removed without creating major disability .

Lentivral vectors are better suited for long term expression since they typically integrate into the genome and can transduce dividing and non-dividing cells . They have successfully been utilized to transduce hematopoietic stem cells to produce broadly neutralizing antibodies against HIV in mouse models [ 32 , 33 ] . However , because they can integrate into the host genome , there is concern for mutagenesis . Newer generation lentiviral vectors contain deletions in their long-terminal repeat ( LTR ) and a self-inactivating ( SIN ) LTR , leaving them replication incompetent , which should make them much safer , but this question is not fully answered [ 30 ] .

The rabbit polyclonal antisera K114 [ 33 ] and K135 [ 34 ] to VSV and MHV-A59 , respectively , have been described before as is the mouse monoclonal antiserum 10 G , which is directed against the MHV-A59 S2 domain [ 35 ] .

We have established and tested the method for two different enveloped viruses : murine hepatitis coronavirus ( MHV strain A59 , further referred to as MHV ) , which belongs to the Coronaviridae , and vesicular stomatitis virus ( VSV ) belonging to the Rhabdoviridae . Coronaviruses ( CoVs ) , plus-stranded RNA viruses , infect a variety of mammals and birds . They include important pathogens , such as SARS-CoV [ 28 ] and MERS-CoV [ 29 ] , which cause severe respiratory tract diseases in humans . VSV is a negativesense RNA virus with a broad host spectrum , which ranges from mammals to insects . It regularly causes severe epidemics in livestock [ 30 , 31 ] . VSV is a good model virus for this new method as its entry process has been well characterized [ 10 , 30 ] . We generated a-peptide tagged MHV and VSV virions . By using enzymatic amplification the binding , internalization , and fusion of both viruses could be separately and efficiently measured at low multiplicity of infection ( MOI ) .

The novel entry assays provide several advantages over conventional assays . Using enzymatic amplification of a tagged viral protein allows looking at viral entry events independent of gene expression . Drugs affecting replication in general , such as translation inhibitors , which will inadvertently affect viral gene expression , can be tested independently for their effect on virus entry . The enzymatically-amplified readout allows performing infections at physiologically relevant conditions . With complementation happening timely proximal to the membrane fusion event , the assay allows for more precise kinetic measurements on virus entry . Also it should become easier to dissect effects of mutations in virions on entry and / or replication . Furthermore , the enzymatic activity can be quantified by a variety of different methods , opening up opportunities for high-throughput analysis by FACS or by automated fluorescence microscopy . The fusion assay might be improved by using yet to be developed alternatives to the FDG substrate , the fluorescein product of which is photolabile . Importantly , as we demonstrated the entry assays can be used in combination with various methods to perturb cellular processes involved in viral entry , including the use of inhibitors , RNA interference , knock-out cells , and by expression of dominant-negative or constitutive-active proteins . Hence we expect them to facilitate research on virus entry significantly .

Infection with non-a-peptide containing ( wt ) virus and solvents dimethyl sulfoxide ( DMSO ) and methanol ( MeOH ) were included as controls . Treatment of cells with CHX did not affect binding , internalization or fusion of MHV or VSV . Inhibition of endosome maturation with ammonium chloride ( NH 4 Cl ) or bafilomycin A1 ( BafA1 ) strongly reduced fusion of MHV and VSV , but did not have a significant effect on binding or internalization . Treatment with dynasore ( Dyn ) , an inhibitor of vesicle scission factor dynamin-2 prevented fusion for both viruses , only partially affected internalization , and had no influence on binding . Interference with the assembly of clathrin-coated vesicles using chlorpromazine ( Chlopro ) strongly decreased internalization and fusion of both viruses , as did the ionophore monensin ( Mon ) , a known inhibitor of VSV entry [ 43 ] . Actin destabilizing agent latrunculin A ( LatA ) lead to reduced fusion for VSV and MHV and also affected internalization of both viruses ( Fig . 5 a-f ) .

Our initial aim was the establishment of the virus-cell fusion assay . Fusion of the viruses containing a-peptide-tagged structural proteins with host cells was assessed by inoculation of DM15 expressing cells with increasing concentrations of purified , concentrated a-virus . To synchronize infection MHV-aN , MHV-Sa , and VSVDG-Ga * were allowed to bind to LR7 or HEK293T cells expressing DM15 for 90 min on ice . Unbound virus was then removed and cultures were shifted to 37 uC and incubated for 100 ( MHV ) or 40 min ( VSV ) , based on earlier studies of virus entry kinetics ( Fig . S5 in File S1 ) . Incubation was stopped by cooling the cells to 4 uC . Cells were detached on ice and FDG substrate was added in combination with a short hypotonic shock , which results in pinocytic uptake of FDG [ 41 ] . Similar results were obtained when cells were pre-loaded with substrate ( data not shown , see methods for procedure ) . To prevent protein degradation and further progression of the infection , resulting in expression of new viral proteins , cells were continuously kept on ice . As low temperatures slow down the enzymatic activity of bgalactosidase , prolonged incubation was required to obtain a strong fluorescein signal . After MHV-aN inoculation at MOI = 10 , a maximum fluorescein signal was reached after 10 h incubation on ice , which remained stable for 24 h ( Fig . S6 in File S1 ) . Inoculation at increasing MOI resulted in increased bgalactosidase activity , as measured by flow cytometry . The cell density plots show that the maximum fluorescence is equal in low and high MOI infections ( Fig . 3 a ) . The median fluorescence shifts to higher values at higher MOI . With this fusion assay significant increases in fluorescein signals were obtained already at MOIs around 2 - 4 for MHV-aN and at MOIs of 5 - 10 for MHV-Sa and VSVDG-Ga * ( Fig . 3 b ) . In all subsequent fusion assays an MOI of 10 was used and , because of its stronger signal , MHV-aN rather than MHV-Sa was the tagged MHV of choice .

For all infection assays target cells were pre-treated with drugs if indicated for 30 min at 37 uC prior to virus binding . Subsequent binding , internalization , and fusion ( as far as needed for the respective assay ) were carried out in presence of the drugs at indicated concentrations ( see chemicals section ) .

More specialized fusion assays have been developed over the last few decades . Early examples involved labeling of virions using self-quenching dyes or the activation of photosensitized labeling on virions by fluorescent lipids on target membranes [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ] . However , these assays solely allow for the investigation of fusion and not other entry steps , and are very complex and difficult to adapt to non-enveloped viruses . Recently , enzymes have been employed as reporters for virus entry by incorporating them into virions to allow for investigation of entry independent of replication . Therefore either firefly-or gaussia luciferase , or blactamase have been incorporated as structural ( lumenal ) fusion proteins into virions [ 20 ] [ 21 ] [ 22 ] [ 23 ] [ 24 ] [ 25 ] . However , the integration of an entire enzyme of several hundred amino acid in size can severely affect virus assembly and / or infectivity . Also only fusion towards the cytosol may be investigated in intact cells . When using the assays by lysing cells it can not distinguish between internalized and fused virions . The enzymatic assays published so far , with the exception of gaussia-tagged vaccinia virus [ 25 ] , have been mainly used for fusion measurements only . While all of the abovementioned methods have their strengths and weaknesses and have proven useful , the lack of assays that distinctly detect the different steps in viral entry hampers the analysis of this important process significantly . There is a clear need for an easy-to-use assay , allowing monitoring of virus penetration , independent of other stages of virus entry or replication in a medium-or highthroughput fashion .

To analyze intracellular virus protein , infected cells were harvested as described above for the entry assay . Due to the trypsin treatment cell-bound virus was removed and only intracellular virus remained . Half of the cells were then subjected to FDG treatment and b-galactosidase activity measurement , whereas the other half was mixed with SDS loading buffer and subjected to western blotting as described above . GM130 ( rabbit monoclonal , Abcam ) antibody was used as loading control detection .

For adherent cell microscopy analysis cells may be infected without pre-loading as described above . After the appropriate infection time supernatant is removed and replaced by a 1 : 1 mixture ( room temperature ) of 5 % FCS / PBS : 1 mM FDG / H 2 O . Upon a 3 min incubation at room-temperature an excess of ice-cold 5 % FCS / PBS is added to stop the hypotonic shock . The supernatant is removed and the cells overlayed with ice-cold 5 % FCS / PBS . The samples are incubated at 4 uC for 8 - 16 h . Cells are allowed to recover and flatten by incubation at 37 uC for 30 min before they are analyzed by microscopy . Cells were analyzed using an EVOS inverted fluorescence microscope .

Even though the majority of lncRNAs are believed to be non-coding , some of them may potentially harbor novel unannotated proteins . In recent years , there have been increasing efforts to predict the functional potential of lncRNA . The first tool created for such a purpose was the Coding Potential Calculator ( CPC ) [ 51 ] . CPC assesses coding-potential by incorporating features such as the length of the open reading frame , coverage and integrity of the predicted open reading frame into a support vector machine ( SVM ) . Getorf is a tool implemented by the European Molecular biology Open Software Suite [ 52 ] , which identifies ORFs by identifying start and stop codons . The coding-potential assessment tool ( CPAT ) was designed to access coding potential through a logistic regression model accessing similar features used in CPC , such as length of ORF and ORF coverage . CPAT utilized two additional features , the Fickett score and the hexamer score , where the Fickett score describes the nucleotide composition of the RNA , and the hexamer score indicates the relative degree of hexamer usage bias in a particular sequence . The latest entry to this tool category is slncky [ 41 ] , which is designed to discover lncRNAs from an RNA-seq dataset and assess their functional importance . Slncky assesses the coding potential by identifying conserved ORFs in syntenic regions across multiple species , with the syntenic regions identified by liftOver [ 53 ] .

The number of definable lncRNAs varies by study . In 2005 , a study claimed to have identified over 35,000 lncRNAs [ 11 ] . Another study in 2007 estimated that there are four times more lncRNA compared to protein-coding RNA [ 48 ] . In the ENCODE lncRNA release ( Version 26 ) , 15,787 lncRNAs were identified , further categorizing them into four sub-classes : antisense , large intergenic non-coding RNAs ( lincRNA ) , sense intronic , and processed transcripts . In the latest study in 2017 by Hon et al . , 27,919 human lncRNAs with high confidence 5 ' end were described [ 49 ] .

LncRNAs are a class of long transcribed but not translated RNAs that are longer than 200 nucleotides [ 8 , 9 ] . lncRNAs are often transcribed by RNA polymerase II , and can be classified as antisense , intronic , intergenic , divergent and enhancer lncRNAs according to their relative genome position ( Figure 1 ) [ 10 ] . They have many characteristics similar to mRNAs such as 5 ' capping , exon-intron splicing , and poly-adenylation , and the primary distinction from mRNAs is the lack of open reading frames ( ORFs ) [ 11 ] . LncRNA was discovered through the bioinformatics analysis of transcriptome data . Unlike protein coding mRNAs , lncRNA was traditionally believed to be non-functional . However , many recent studies have shown evidence for the functionality of lncRNA [ 9 , 12 ] , such as roles in high-order chromosomal dynamics [ 13 ] , embryonic stem cell differentiation [ 14 ] , telomere biology [ 15 ] and subcellular structural organization [ 16 ] . The best characterized lncRNAs come from cancer studies . For example , MALAT-1 was associated with poor prognosis in non-small cell lung cancer [ 17 , 18 ] , and oral squamous cell carcinoma [ 19 ] . Similarly , the lncRNA HOTAIR has been shown to promote metastasis in multiple cancers including breast , gastric , colorectal , cervical and liver cancer [ 20 ] [ 21 ] [ 22 ] [ 23 ] [ 24 ] . LncRNA SNHG1 has been found to regulate NOB1 expression by sponging miR-326 and promotes tumorigenesis in osteosarcoma [ 25 ] . Gioia R et al . observed that silencing lncRNA RP11-624C23 . 1 or RP11-203E8 could provide a selective advantage to leukemic cells by increasing resistance to genotoxic stress , possibly by modulating the DNA damage response ( DDR ) pathway [ 26 ] . Moreover , lncRNA was recently hailed as a possible biomarker for cancer [ 27 ] [ 28 ] [ 29 ] . For instance , lncRNA ZEB1-AS1 predicts unfavorable prognosis in gastric cancer [ 30 ] and lncRNA-ATB has potential as a biomarker for the prognosis of hepatocellular carcinoma and as a targeted therapy for afflicted patients [ 31 ] .

Non-coding RNA ( ncRNA ) is an RNA molecule that is transcribed from DNA but not translated to a protein . The last decade has witnessed a sharp rise of interest in non-coding RNA research ( Figure 1 ) . There are multiple classes and sub-classes of ncRNA . RNA size is a commonly used division of ncRNA : with small ncRNA ( sRNA , less than 200 nucleotides ) , and long ncRNA ( lncRNA , more than 200 nucleotides ) . Our review reflects on how the recent widespread interest in non-coding RNA is a result of the combination of the maturity of HTS technology and the bioinformatics development supporting that technology .

The biology of the human body is a vast and complex system and we are just beginning to understand the role of non-coding RNA in regulating that system . The advancement of biotechnology contributes to every breakthrough in our understanding of human biology . ncRNAs , the supposedly insignificant portion of the RNA universe , have exploded with an array of studies centered around the potential functions and disease associations related to ncRNAs . The sudden interest in ncRNA is due to the maturity of HTS technology and the development of bioinformatics allowing the interpretation of HTS data .

Genes 2017 , 8 , 366 6 of 20 been multiple reports that circRNA can be detected in non-tissue samples , such as saliva [ 58 ] , blood plasma [ 59 ] and seminal plasma [ 60 ] . Currently , a major recognized function of circRNA is their action as a micro RNA ( miRNA ) sponge . It was found that circRNAs are much easier to bind with miRNA than with mRNA [ 61 ] , allowing circRNA to repress miRNA regulation on mRNA . CircRNA was originally identified through the analysis of scrambled exons over two decades ago using older , non-high throughput technology [ 62 ] . CircRNA was considered a rare event and exclusive to only a few viruses [ 63 ] , and has evaded detection in mammalian genomes for a long time due to the lack of poly ( A ) tails . Advances in HTS technology have allowed researchers to scrutinize the mammalian genome in unprecedented detail , allowing for the identification of thousands of additional circRNAs . A large portion of the identified circRNAs are derived from protein-coding genes . However , after formation , these circRNAs are not able to undergo translation to proteins , and thus they have been categorized as non-coding RNA . Interestingly , recently several groups have discovered a protein-encoding function for some circRNAs , revealing an unexplored model of gene expression [ 64 ] [ 65 ] [ 66 ] . There have been increasingly more human disease studies devoted to circRNAs ( Figure 2 ) . For example , circRNA has been found to be a biomarker for cancer [ 67 , 68 ] and is associated with neurological disease [ 69 ] . The molecular roles and function , and how circRNA dysregulation affects disease , were reviewed in [ 70 ] .

Novel bioinformatic tools have contributed greatly to the identification of the new circRNAs from RNA-seq data . Notable circRNA identification tools are find _ circ [ 71 ] , MapSplice2 [ 72 ] , Segemehl [ 73 ] , circExplorer [ 74 ] , circRNA _ finder [ 75 ] , CIRI [ 76 ] , ACFS [ 69 ] , KNIFE [ 77 ] , NCLscan [ 78 ] , DCC [ 79 ] and UROBORUS [ 80 ] . Information regarding these tools is listed in Table 2 . In addition , CircView , a platform visualization tool , is specifically developed to visualize circRNAs detected from these tools [ 81 ] . Furthermore , unlike other types of ncRNAs , circRNAs are not well-annotated .

It is commonly believed that protein-coding messenger ribonucleic acids ( mRNAs ) are the primary controller of cells , carrying out the necessary functions for life . Our understanding of how a gene functions has been significantly challenged due to the advances in high-throughput sequencing ( HTS ) technology , which has provided researchers with an expanded view of the complexity of the human genome , allowing for the identification of diverse types of RNAs . Mounting evidence from various studies has shown that the non-coding portion of the genome plays a more significant role in human biology than previously thought . Depending on the version of the annotation , the protein-coding genome regions represent around 1 - 3 % of the human genome . However , the rest of the genome plays an important role in controlling the expression of the coding deoxyribonucleic acid ( DNA ) , and in the spatial organization of the genome . One of the most critical corroborations of this is the distribution of results of genome-wide association studies ( GWAS ) . Based on the latest GWAS Catalog ( June 2017 ) , only 3.56 % of disease-associated single-nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) reside in the protein-coding region and 96.44 % lie in non-coding regions equally proportioned between the intergenic regions and intron regions [ 1 , 2 ] .

The initial case definition of MERS was the presence of one or more of the symptoms of acute respiratory infection : fever e38 ° C ; cough ; shortness of breath with radiological evidence of pneumonia ; clinical or radiological evidence of pneumonia ; and , subsequently , intensive care unit admission . A revised " highly sensitive " case definition that included broader clinical and laboratory criteria was published on May 13 , 2014 and subsequently adopted by the MoH . 21

A P value of < . 05 was considered an indication of statistical significance . The case fatality rate was calculated by dividing the number of deaths by the total number of confirmed cases .

This descriptive study was conducted at the Department of Public Health , Directorate General of Health Affairs , Makkah , Kingdom of Saudi Arabia . Secondary data were collected from all confirmed cases that had been reported by public and private hospitals serving four cities of the Makkah Region ( Jeddah , Makkah , Kunfudah , and Taif ) between March and June 2014 . The data were compiled in Makkah for retrospective review and analysis .

Knowledge of epidemiological , demographic , clinical , and laboratory characteristics will help identify gaps ; set goals for further research ; and strengthen strategic decision-making in MERS reporting , control , and treatment . This knowledge will assist in the establishment of health facilities and isolation wards ; procurement of personal protective gear , ambulances , ventilators , laboratory equipment , and supplies ; hiring of additional healthcare staff ; and enhancing capacity through appropriate training . Central to this effort is establishing private-public healthcare partnerships for both effective response and collaborative research . Further regional studies performed collaboratively by experts from universities , the private sector , regional health directorates , the WHO , and the CDC are required to gain knowledge of the true epidemiology and burden of MERS .

The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is divided into thirteen regions that each has a governorate and sub-governorates with a capital . Makkah is the capital of region while Jeddah is the largest port city . The Ministry of Health ( MoH ) is the main public institution responsible for provision of preventive , curative , and rehabilitative healthcare services for the entire population . The MoH is not only responsible for the management , planning , financing , and regulation of the healthcare sector through primary healthcare centers ( PHCs ) , generalized and specialized hospitals , but also for overall supervision of private healthcare facilities . After a report of a suspected case of MERS is generated at a PHC , it is sent to secondary or tertiary care hospitals and the relevant health directorates of the MoH for strategic action .

indicating HCWs are at higher risk of acquiring MERS , consistent with the findings of a Jordanian study . 22 In contrast , the difference between the RR for Saudis and non-Saudis was insignificant ( RR 0.91 , 95 % CI 0.71 - 1.16 , P = . 71 ) , indicating that they face almost the same risk . Among non-Saudis , nurses from the Philippines ( n = 26,23 % ) appear to be at highest risk , as the majority of nurses working in Saudi Arabia are from that country . Among non-HCWs , domestic workers and homemakers comprised a large proportion of cases ( 137 cases , 52 % ) , likely due to their care for and close contact with confirmed cases . 23 Among HCWs , nurses , physicians , and technicians appear at highest risk due to their direct contact with patients . In contrast , hospital administrative clerks and health-related cleaners are indirectly exposed in the workplace . Among private healthcare facilities , those in Jeddah are most actively engaged in reporting of confirmed cases . Therefore , it is unsurprising that no confirmed cases were reported by private healthcare facilities in Makah , Taif , and Kunfudah . The actual number of suspected cases remains unknown in these cities , and the burden may thus be underestimated . In Makkah , 56 % of confirmed cases had hospital-acquired infection from a prior visit to an HCF and 41 % had community-acquired infection due to close contact or unknown exposure . In Taif , 23 % of cases had some history of domestic travel and 23 % had exposure to domestic pets but not to camels or other known animal sources . In Kunfudah , all cases had been exposed to patients with respiratory illness , vomiting , diarrhea , or community-acquired infections . In Jeddah , 29 % of cases had prior exposure to an HCF . The King Fahad General Hospital Jeddah , the largest facility with over 600 beds and to which the majority of cases were admitted , reported the highest number ( n = 82 , 31 % ) of cases in the region .

Regarding symptomatology , 185 cases ( 71 % ) showed signs and symptoms while 42 cases ( 16 % ) remained asymptomatic . The most common signs and symptoms were cough ( 170 cases , 65 % ) , fever > 38 ° C ( 165 cases , 63 % ) , radiological evidence of pneumonia ( 146 cases , 60 % ) , shortness of breath ( 136 cases , 52 % ) , joint pain or swelling ( 137 cases , 52 % ) , fatigue ( 108 cases , 41 % ) , sore throat ( 96 cases , 37 % ) , fever with chills ( 95 cases , 36 % ) , tachypnea ( 78 cases , 30 % ) , wheezing or abnormal breathing ( 68 cases , 26 % ) , chest pain ( 66 cases , 25 % ) , headaches ( 59 cases , 23 % ) , altered consciousness ( 53 cases , 20 % ) , pharyngitis ( 39 cases , 15 % ) , vomiting ( 32 cases , or 12 % ) , runny nose ( 30 cases , 11 % ) , diarrhea ( 27 cases , 10 % ) , abdominal pain ( 26 cases , 10 % ) , nausea ( 20 cases , 7 % ) , hemoptysis ( 11 cases , 4 % ) , local neurological deficit ( 10 cases , 4 % ) , and conjunctivitis ( 6 cases , 2 % ) . Of the 122 cases ( 47 % ) with co-morbid conditions , the most common were hypertension ( 76 cases , 29 % ) , diabetes ( 72 cases , 28 % ) , heart disease ( 47 cases , 18 % ) , obesity ( 41 cases , 16 % ) , smoking ( 41 cases , 16 % ) , chronic renal disease ( 39 cases , 15 % ) , immunecompromised status ( 24 cases , 9 % ) , chronic lung disease ( 19 cases , 7 % ) , steroid use ( 19 cases , 7 % ) , asthma ( 12 cases , 5 % ) , chronic liver disease ( 8 cases , 3 % ) , cancer ( 5 cases , 2 % ) , pregnancy ( 5 cases , 2 % ) , chronic hematologic disease ( 2 cases , 0.7 % ) , systemic lupus erythematosus ( 2 cases , 0.7 % ) , eclampsia ( 1 case , 0.4 % ) , and hypothyroid ( 1 case , 0.4 % ) . Using the WBC count cutoff values of low ( < 4 × 10 9 / L ) , normal ( 4 - 11 × 10 9 / L ) , and high ( > 11 × 10 9 / L ) , 50 ( 19 % ) had a low , 85 ( 33 % ) a normal , and 16 ( 6 % ) a high WBC count , while data were unavailable for 110 ( 42 % ) ( Table 3 ) . Using the PLT count cutoff values of very low ( < 50 × 10 9 / L ) , low ( < 150 × 10 9 / L ) , normal ( 150 - 400 × 10 9 / L ) , and high ( > 400 × 10 9 / L ) , 9 ( 3 % ) had a very low , 40 ( 15 % ) had a low , 98 ( 38 % ) had a normal , and 7 ( % ) had a high PLT count , while data were unavailable for 108 ( 41 % ) .

The first index case reported was diagnosed in the last week of March 2014 . According to a review of the report , the peak in the number of confirmed cases occurred in mid-April 2014 before the number began to decline in the last week of April 2014 , with the last confirmed case reported in June 2014 ( Figure 2 , 3 ) . In Makkah , Taif , and Kunfudah , all confirmed cases were reported by public healthcare facilities ( HCFs ) . In Jeddah alone , the cases were reported by both public HCFs ( 64 % ) and private HCFs ( 21 % ) . Among all confirmed cases , only 148 ( 57 % ) had recovered or been discharged . The majority of fatal cases had been reported in Jeddah ( 91 cases , 45 % ) , followed by Makkah ( 13 cases , 33 % ) , Taif ( 5 cases , 38 % ) , and Kunfudah ( 1 case , 16 % ) . Only 2 ( 5 % ) cases had been re-hospitalized in Makkah city due to complications ( Figure 2 ) . The fatality rate among all confirmed cases had been 42 % ( 110 cases ) . As the data is between a limited period ( March to June 2014 ) , seasonality can not be determined .


To build a light-weight and easily reusable SIMD SW library for the genomic application development community , we made the SSW Library . It extends the Striped SW and SWPS3 's SIMD implementations to provide the mapping location and detailed alignment information ( traceback ) , without performance penalty . Though these features are crucial when integrating SW into other genomic analysis systems , among the existing SIMD SW implementations only SSEARCH provides them , and as discussed in the Performance : Short-Read Genomic Alignment section its performance in typical genomic alignment contexts is poor . The SSW library can also return the heuristic suboptimal ( second-best ) alignment score and location without additional computational cost , which enables the use of the method in contexts that exploit this information in mapping-quality estimation . We describe our efficient implementation of these features in the Methods section .

We developed and made available a fast SW library using SIMD acceleration . By returning not only the optimal alignment score but also the actual alignment , as well as a secondary optimal or suboptimal alignment score , the SSW library is suitable for inclusion into other heuristic genomic sequence analysis programs requiring local SW alignment . The most significant utility of our development , however , is that our algorithms can be readily integrated into C / C + + software without modification of the source code , accelerating development for larger software tools . SSW has already been adopted in four programs developed by our group : the primary read mapping tool MOSAIK , the split-read mapping program SCISSORS , the MEI detector TANGRAM , and the readoverlap graph generation program RZMBLR .

Primary short-read mapper . To provide highly accurate alignments , most short-read mappers integrate an SW algorithm for a final " polishing " step . This step is especially important for aligning reads containing short insertions and deletions . Even though each SW run is short , it may be applied hundreds of millions of times within a single run of a mapper , and therefore even small inefficiencies result in wasteful resource usage . To quantify time savings with SSW , we compared the performance of our new method with the existing SW implementation within the MOSAIK mapping program [ 14 ] , which uses SW for the final read alignments . We found that the SSW library achieves a two-fold speedup of the entire MOSAIK compared with the current banded SW implementation within it ( see Table 1 ) . Notably , MOSAIK is a multi-threaded program and thus the SSW component in MOSAIK is running in parallel .

Western blotting . MCF-7 cells were transfected with EGFP-C3-HEPISa , pEGFP-C3-HEPISb or pEGFP-C3 as aforementioned . At 24 h post-transfection , western blotting was performed as described previously ( 14 ) . Primary antibodies specific for GFP ( cat . no . SC-8334 ; Santa Cruz ; 1 : 1,000 dilution ) and 2 - actin ( cat . no . ab8227 ; Abcam ; 1 : 1,000 dilution ) and a secondary antibody Goat Anti-Rabbit IgG H & L ( HRP ) ( cat . no . ab6721 ; Abcam ; 1 : 10,000 dilution ) were used .

Transmembrane domain prediction . The transmembrane domain of HEPIS was predicted by Transmembrane Hidden Markov Model ( TMHMM ) Server v . 2.0 ( http://www.cbs.dtu. dk / services / TMHMM / ) .

No [ 4 , 7 , 11 ] 1 Human lentiviruses are in rows shaded grey , primate lentiviruses in rows shaded blue , and non-primate lenti / retroviruses in rows shaded pink . The assays which have been used to substantiate each protein-protein interaction are also listed . ( macaques ) [ 4 , 11 ] , SIVmus ( mustached monkeys ) [ 8 ] , SIVmon ( mona monkeys ) [ 8 ] , or SIVcol ( colobus guereza monkeys ) [ 8 ] . One study reported mildly deleterious effects on SIVmac , SIVgsn ( greater spot-nosed monkeys ) and SIVmnd ( mandrill ) after RanBP2 depletion [ 8 ] .

No [ 8 ] FIV cat Yes 1 . Isothermal titration calorimetry 2 . TRIM-RanCyp restriction assay No [ 11 , 13 ] MLV rodent

Viruses for single-cycle infection assays were packaged in 293 T cells by co-transfection of plasmids encoding viral proteins and VSV-G , along with a transfer vector , as follows : HIV-1 and cyclophilin-binding loop mutants ( pMDLg / pRRE , pRSV-Rev , pMD2 . G , pRRLSIN . cPPT . PGK-GFP . WPRE ; all available on Addgene ) , FIV ( pFP93 [ 50 ] , pC-VSV-G , pGIN-SIN : GFP [ 50 ] ) , NB-MLV ( pCS2-mGP [ 49 ] , pC-VSV-G , pLXCG ) . After 48 hours , supernatant containing viruses was harvested , filtered , and frozen . Viruses were titered on CRFK cells by measuring percent GFP-positive cells along a volume gradient of virus supernatant . For infection assays , CRFK stable cells lines were plated at a concentration of 7.5 x10 4 cells / well in a 24 - well plate and infected with HIV-1 , cyclophilin-binding loop mutants , FIV , or NB-MLV such that 30 - 50 % of the control cell line was infected . Two days post-infection , cells were fixed in 2 % paraformaldehyde for 15 minutes , washed three times with 2 mL FACS buffer ( DPBS supplemented with 2 % FBS and 1 mM EDTA ) , resuspended in 500 1 ⁄ 4 l FACS buffer , and analyzed by flow cytometry for expression of GFP using the BD Bioscience Fortessa cell analyzer . All infections were performed in triplicate using a single virus stock , and all results were confirmed using at least two experimental replicates . 7 ; all shRNA constructs were obtained from the Functional Genomics facility at University of Colorado Denver ) were packaged in 293 T cells by co-transfection of pLKO . 1 ( shRNA packaging plasmid ) , pMDLg / pRRE , pRSV-Rev , and pMD2 . G ( the latter three plasmids are described above ) . After 48 hours , supernatant containing viruses was harvested , filtered , and frozen . Viruses were titered on 293 T cells by measuring RanBP2 knockdown efficiency via western blot 72 hours post infection . Images were quantified using ImageJ and samples were normalized using a Nup153 loading control ( Fig 7 B ) . For infection assays , 293 T cells were plated at a concentration of 3.0 x10 5 cells / well in a 12 - well plate and infected with shRNA lentivirus . Two days post-infection , cells were re-seeded at a concentration of 7.5 x10 4 cells / well in a 48 - well dish . After an overnight incubation singlecycle infection assays using VSV-G pseudotyped HIV-1 and cyclophilin-binding loops mutants were carried out as described above . Simultaneously , a proliferation assay using MTT ( Thermo Fisher , # M6494 ) was performed to determine relative toxicity of shRNA constructs . Cells were incubated with MTT solution ( 1 : 1 mixture of serum-free media and 5 mg / mL MTT in PBS ) at 37 ÚC for 3 hours and reactions were then solubilized with MTT solvent ( 4 mM HCl and 0.1 % NP-40 in isopropanol ) by shaking at room temperature for 15 minutes . Absorbance at 590 nm was measured for each sample .

Even if the manually recovering of a single cell is laborious , it can be a good alternative to analyze cells with particular features and identify functionally lncRNAs . In 2017 , RNAseq on manually selected neuronal cells was used by Spaethling and colleagues to analyze the expression of single cells purified from the human brain . The authors evidenced that among 935 identified lncRNAs , 113 were differentially expressed throughout the cell types and associated the expression of lncRNAs with marker-based cell types . For example , the long intergenic non-coding 01314 ( LINC01314 ) was specifically expressed in astrocytes , the long intergenic non-coding 00152 ( LINC00152 ) in endothelial cells , the long intergenic non-coding 00520 ( LINC00520 ) in microglia , the Maternally Expressed 3 ( MEG3 ) in neurons , the long intergenic non-coding 01105 ( LINC01105 ) in oligodendrocytes , the Nuclear Paraspeckle Assembly Transcript 1 ( NEAT1 ) was highly expressed in astrocytes and endothelial cells while the Small Nucleolar RNA Host Gene 6 ( SNHG6 ) was expressed in all cells analyzed [ 168 ] .

Rather than using pluripotent cells , several studies have instead focused on specialized / differentiated cells . In 2015 Cabili and colleagues developed single-molecule RNA-FISH to quantify the subcellular localization of lncRNAs in three different cell types : hFFs , hLFs , and HeLa cells [ 167 ] . They were able to show a variety of different localization patterns , including bright sub-nuclear foci that dissolve during mitosis . They based the lncRNA detection on the hybridization of different fluorescent-labeled probes constructed along the lncRNA sequence . In fact , lncRNAs have specific 3 D structures that cause problems in the prediction of working probes . The use of different probes spanned along the sequence of the same transcript may overcome this problem . This work was particularly important for developing a medium-throughput technology to correctly evaluate the subcellular localization of lncRNAs . In fact , as previously discussed , it is a fundamental parameter to be considered to understand the function of this complex class of RNAs .

In 2015 Kim and colleagues published a research where , using single-cell RNA sequencing with the SMART-seq method ( Illumina ) , they described the dynamic expression of 437 lncRNAs during the reprogramming of fibroblasts to pluripotent cells . The authors showed that the activation of many lncRNA is an early molecular event in early stage iPSCs . Moreover , they showed that some lncRNAs are functionally relevant for reprogramming [ 156 ] ( Figure 4 C ) . In addition to lncRNAs , pseudogenes also appeared to be important in the reprogramming process , supporting the necessity of further analyses on non-coding RNAs in different reprogramming contexts to advance our basic knowledge of cell state plasticity and cellular transformation .

Johnson and collaborators used a combination of FACS , RNA-sequencing , and PCR on single cells to study neuronal progenitors at the single-cell level [ 166 ] . They showed how human radial glial cells ( RGC ) differ from mouse RGC by having a more " gradual " transition to neuronal lineage-committed intermediate progenitors . They also identified several previously no described lncRNAs enriched in human outer radial glia ( ORG ) and found that many of these genes show highly distinct expression patterns in ORG cells . This suggests that lncRNAs participate to the definition of molecular identity and function of the ORG subpopulation in humans . The authors identified 75 putative lncRNAs in human samples , but only 18 appeared conserved among human and mouse supporting data that describe lncRNAs as non-conserved transcripts . Also the lncRNA LOC646329 is involved in neuronal cell proliferation . These data support the involvement of lncRNAs in neuronal developing processes and sustain the necessity to face also on them in the future when researchers discover molecular mechanisms involved in the development and modulation of neurological pathologies .

XIST is one of the best known lncRNAs [ 93 ] . To better understand the process of X chromosome inactivation , the expression of XIST was analyzed in single cells of human embryos through the oocyte-to-embryo transition and in new mRNA reprogrammed iPSCs by [ 157 ] . Briggs and colleagues used a combination of FISH , qRT-PCR , and FACS to show that XIST is initially expressed in newly reprogrammed iPSCs . They also highlighted that the expression of this lncRNA is lost after some passage of cells and that this affects the expression of X-chromosome genes . This and previously presented works were based on specific lncRNAs . The development of scRNA-seq techniques allowed for more broad studies firstly of coding and then of non-coding RNAs . Thank this technical development it was possible to evidence that several genes , including lncRNAs , can escape from the X chromosome inactivation [ 158 ] ( Figure 4 B ) .

According to our search , the first work measuring the expression of a lncRNA at a single-cell level was published in 2003 by Hartshorn and colleagues [ 150 ] . They took advantage of the possibility of isolating a single blastomere manually from 8 cells-stage embryos , collect it in a tube , dissolve the cell , and analyze DNA or RNA by PCR . The expression of the lncRNA XIST and the coding RNA Sry were detected thanks to specific molecular beacons . Interestingly , they showed that the expression of XIST varied in different cells supporting the idea that cells in an early mammal embryo are not all functionally equivalent . In 2005 the same group ameliorated the method to use SYBR Green based detection method in the PCR reaction instead of molecular beacons [ 151 ] . In both cited studies Hartshorn and colleagues co-amplified and simultaneously quantified RNA and DNA copies of two specific genes ( XIST and Sry ) having sexually distinct patterns of expression in the early embryo . Female samples , that have two X chromosomes , always result in XIST amplification but no Sry amplification , while male embryos , that have one X and one Y chromosome , always generated equal numbers of XIST and Sry amplicons since the Sry gene is on the Y chromosome . In 2007 they developed a new method to quantify different genes whose expression is not functionally guided by sex . Using the Linear-After-The-Exponential-PCR technique ( LATE-PCR [ 152 ] ) they demonstrated both XIST and Oct4 were expressed to variable degrees in the cells of the same embryo [ 153 ] ( Figure 4 A ) . In this work , Hartshorn and colleagues demonstrated , by analyzing single blastomeres , that Oct4 is expressed in all cells of a human 8 - cell embryo , not from a specific cell sub-population , as demonstrated by gel PCR based analysis [ 154 ] . Works developed by Hartshorn demonstrated that both coding and non-coding genes have an expression that is cell-to-cell dependent and support the necessity of having a picture as detailed as possible of molecules expressed by each cell type to understand its interactive network in a tissue . both coding and non-coding genes have an expression that is cell-to-cell dependent and support the necessity of having a picture as detailed as possible of molecules expressed by each cell type to understand its interactive network in a tissue . [ 155 ] . ( C ) Differences in lncRNA expression between cells at different stages of reprogramming . Some lncRNAs seem to be specifically expressed in the less specialized cells , suggesting that they might be involved with the maintenance of the pluripotency of stem cells and that might be used as tools to induce specialized cells to transition into less specialized cells ( like iPSCs ) . Heat map is modified from [ 156 ] . [ 155 ] . ( C ) Differences in lncRNA expression between cells at different stages of reprogramming . Some lncRNAs seem to be specifically expressed in the less specialized cells , suggesting that they might be involved with the maintenance of the pluripotency of stem cells and that might be used as tools to induce specialized cells to transition into less specialized cells ( like iPSCs ) . Heat map is modified from [ 156 ] .

The name lncRNA is relatively recent . The first non-coding transcripts studied were classified only based on their role ( rRNA , tRNA , cRNA ) . In the early 2000s , when the abundance of non-coding transcripts became evident [ 2 ] , new types of classification were introduced .

Final steps of single-cell RNA ( scRNA ) analysis are the sequencing and bioinformatic analyses . Alternatives to RNA sequencing are qRT-PCR and microarrays . The former is laborious and has a limited number of targets , while microarrays demand previously established transcriptomic probes and might have some background noise interfering on low abundant transcripts [ 138 , 139 ] . Thus , the available gold standard method is scRNA-seq . Once sequencing reads are obtained , low-quality bases , adaptors , and barcodes need to be trimmed before alignment . Spike-in controls can be used as quality control and also to estimate the absolute levels of RNA expression since in scRNA-seq the exact number of cells is known [ 140 ] . After alignment , reads are annotated in exonic , intronic , or intergenic features . Then , normalization is performed to avoid cell-specific bias . In fact , a problem of scRNA-seq is the presence of zero-inflated counts in the data expression matrix . For a review on scRNA-seq data processing see [ 141 ] . To increase the sequencing coverage of low input samples in a cost-effective manner , alternative methods focusing on the sequencing of 5 or 3 ends of transcripts were developed . However , it is not suited for allele-specific expression or isoform usage [ 142 ] . Numerous tools have been developed to analyze scRNA-seq data , due to its intrinsic features . There are at least 493 tools available on the web [ 143 ] , covering over 30 categories including quality control , read alignment , normalization , and gene networks analysis . Concluding , scRNA-seq can be performed on full-length RNA or just on its 5 or 3 ends with the consequent necessity of performing the sequencing at a different depth . Currently full-length transcript libraries are sequenced at the depth of 10 6 reads per cell with the possibility to increase the sequencing depth ( 15 - 25 × 10 6 reads per cell ) if interested in RNA alternative splicing . Differently , by sequencing 3 end libraries researchers can use a lower depth sequencing ( 10 4 -10 5 reads per cell ) [ 144 ] . It is interesting to highlight the fact that generally the average number of lncRNAs identified by scRNA-seq is lower than that of mRNAs and this could be due to their lower expression in respect to coding genes [ 145 , 146 ] .

The fluorescent activated cell sorting ( FACS ) has higher efficiency than the previous methods and the principle of this technique is based on tagging cells with a fluorescent monoclonal antibody specific to surface antigens or intracellular molecules . This allows the instrument to separate positive cells from negative cells and debris [ 118 ] ( Figure 3 C ) . Besides , negative selection can be carried out on unmarked cells . This method allows the analysis of specific cells of interest , which can reduce the overall experiment cost . The limitation of this technique is the large input ( more than 10,000 cells ) and the necessity of antibodies to target desired proteins . The capillary-based single-cell collection , employed by AVISO CellCelector ( ALS ) [ 119 ] , integrates robotic technology and image processing software that allows the capturing of individual cells by mechanical suction and seed them on individual wells of a culture dish [ 120 ] ( Figure 3 D ) . Images can be acquired before and after single-cell isolation to monitor efficiency , but this system is not recommended to work with cells that have strong adhesive properties . The punching technology consists of filling samples into chips or arrays , collect individual cells into microwells , select cells of interest ( based on fluorescence signaling ) and then " punch " them into PCR tubes or plates for further analysis ( Figure 3E ) . There are two main platforms available : Puncher Platform ( Vycap , Eindhoven , Netherlands ) and CellRaft AIR System ( CellMicrosystems , Cary , NC , USA ) . The first one can process up to 50 mL samples and is optimized for the isolation of rare cells in large volumes , such as circulating tumor cells ( CTC ) and fetal trophoblasts [ 121 ] . The second one is designed to collect both the magnetic microwell and the single cell attached to it by using a magnetic wand . This mechanism has minimal disturbance on cells during the capture and is optimized for adherent cells [ 122 ] . The dielectrophoresis ( DEP ) technique is performed using the DEPArray NxT instrument ( Menarini Silicon Biosystems , Bologna , Italy ) . This technology explores the electrokinetic properties of suspended cells to create " electric cages " and capture them with a non-uniform electric field . When a DEP cage is moved by a change in the electric field pattern , the trapped cell moves with it . The system allows visual control of selected cells and the low voltage applied does not interfere with cell viability [ 123 ] ( Figure 3 F ) . Microfluidic chip platforms can encapsulate single cells with a bead inside aqueous droplets in an oil phase [ 124 ] . Each bead contains thousands of DNA copies with a poly ( dT ) expansion to capture polyadenylated RNAs and unique DNA sequences ( barcodes ) that can be used to identify the correspondent cell of origin . Moreover , to overcome library construction errors , such as duplications of reads due to different efficiency of cDNA synthesis , the bead can also contain unique molecular identifiers ( UMI ) sequences , specific to each molecule [ 125 ] ( Figure 3 G ) . Several platforms use this process to profile gene expression of single cells . Some platforms ( e.g. , Nadia-Dolomite Bio , Royston , UK ) , do not contain reagents for reverse transcription inside the droplets and the library preparation is performed after pooling the collected cells and breaking off the droplets . Other instruments ( e.g. , Chromium System-10 × Genomics , Pleasanton , CA , USA ; InDrop System-1CellBio , Watertown , MA , USA ; C1 System-Fluidigm , San Francisco , CA , USA ; ddSEQ Single-Cell Isolator-Bio-Rad-Illumina , Hercules , CA , USA ) can perform the reactions inside the droplet , increasing the efficiency of the method . These platforms enable the analysis of up to 10,000 single cells ( except the C1 System that process up to 800 cells ) in a parallel manner , avoiding cross-contamination and increasing reproducibility [ 112 ] . However , the RNA capturing efficiency of these techniques can reach 65 % maximum [ 112 ] and they require high input and clean samples because the microfluidic channels can clog if there are cell clumps or debris . The current trend is to use instruments that provide end-to-end solutions , such as the C1 System and the Chromium System , that process from the single-cell isolation to data analysis in a single platform . Usually , RNA sequencing is performed with Illumina platforms . In many cases , single cells can not be used ( e.g. , when starting from frozen tissues ) and therefore single nuclei can be an option . In fact , it was evidenced a good correlation among nuclei gene expression and cell gene expression [ 126 , 127 ] . See Table 1 for a comparison of different systems used to collect single cells .

Cytoplasmic lncRNAs are more commonly involved in post-transcriptional regulation and as previously described , competing endogenous RNAs can act as alternative targets for miRNAs to reduce the amount of RNA interference while SINEUPs , another family of cytoplasmic lncRNAs , can enhance the translation of target mRNAs without affecting mRNA transcription . Another example of cytoplasmic lncRNA is Tissue Differentiation-Inducing Non-Protein Coding RNA ( TINCR ) that binds to mRNA through a 25 nt sequence . This lncRNA has a strong affinity for the protein STAU1 , the complex formed by this interaction is known to mediate the stabilization of mRNAs involved in epidermal differentiation [ 97 ] .

LncRNAs that localize into the cytoplasm are classified as cytoplasmic lncRNAs . The transport of lncRNAs such as mRNAs from the nucleus to the cytoplasm involves several different proteins localized on both sides of nuclear pore . The complex composed of the Tho complex , the RNA helicase UAP56 ( or its paralog URH49 ) and Aly is loaded onto the mRNA or lncRNA in the nucleus producing the RNA protein complex ( RNP ) . Then , the nuclear export receptor composed of Nuclear RNA Export Factor 1 ( Nxf1 ) and Nuclear Transport Factor 2 Like Export Factor 1 ( Nxt1 ) ( also known as TAP and p15 ) associates with Aly and allows the transport at the nuclear pore of its cargo physically interacting with the phenylalanine ( F ) and glycine ( G ) repeats of proteins in the interior of nuclear pore . After the transport through the nuclear pore the RNP is remodeled to remove certain nuclear associated exported factors , recycled back into the nucleus , and to make the mRNA or the lncRNA stably located in the cytoplasm [ 96 ] .

LncRNAs that are only found in the nucleus are classified as nuclear lncRNAs . These lncRNAs contain specific sequences to indicate that they have to be retained in the nucleus [ 90 , 91 ] . Most of the nuclear lncRNAs are regulators of transcription or influence mRNA processing ; they can both enhance or silence the transcription of genes , for example , by recruiting transcription factors or by acting as decoy impeding the binding of transcription factors to DNA . One example is the lncRNA Breast Cancer Anti-Estrogen Resistance 4 ( BCAR4 ) that influences cell migration in breast cancer by binding to Smad Nuclear Interacting Protein 1 ( SNIP1 ) and Serine / threonine-protein phosphatase 1 regulatory subunit 10 ( PNUTS ) , two transcription factors that induce the activation of a non-canonical hedgehog / GLI2 ( GLI Family Zinc Finger 2 ) transcriptional program [ 92 ] . Nuclear lncRNAs include the most studied lncRNAs such as XIST [ 93 ] , MALAT1 [ 94 ] , and NEAT1 [ 95 ] .

Some chromatin interacting lncRNAs act by targeting the chromatin region from which they are transcribed . These are called cis-acting lncRNAs . The targeted chromatin is not necessarily restricted to the close proximity of the lncRNA , for example , the well-known lncRNA XIST acts by targeting the whole X chromosome in cis ( Figure 2 J ) .

Analyzing the ability of ribosomes to associate with lncRNA molecules [ 80 ] researcher concluded that some lncRNAs can be translated [ 36 , 81 ] ( Figure 2 I ) . Although ribosome profiling supports the interaction of lncRNA with ribosomes the effective presence of small peptides is not guaranteed . It is important to associate a mass spectrometry analysis ( MS ) to confirm the presence of translated peptides . For example , among 233 lncRNAs associated with ribosomes in human cell lines , only 18 were confirmed to produce small peptides by MS [ 82 ] , in Zebrafish results were similar . Among 535 lncRNAs with coding properties , 6 were confirmed with MS [ 83 ] . Interestingly , many micropeptides were functionally characterized evidencing their importance in muscle physiology regulating both muscle regeneration via mTOR [ 84 ] and development [ 85 ] , in the regulation of cancer metabolism [ 86 ] , in signal transduction [ 87 ] . See Supplemental Table S1 for a list of functionally characterized micropeptides originating from lncRNAs . For a more completed review on micropeptides from lncRNAs and methods used to study them see [ 88 ] .

LncRNAs can interact with miRNAs to act as post-transcriptional regulators of protein expression . miRNAs are short non-coding RNAs ( 18 - 28 nt ) [ 62 ] that interact with target mRNAs for their cleavage or to simply repress their translation [ 63 , 64 ] . LncRNAs that interact with miRNAs are classified as competing endogenous RNAs ( ceRNAs ) . This definition was proposed by Salmena and colleagues in 2011 [ 65 ] . ceRNAs are also known as miRNA sponges and compete with mRNAs for miRNA binding ( Figure 2 F ) . One example of ceRNA is the long intergenic non-coding RNA-Muscle Differentiation 1 ( linc-MD1 ) . This is a muscle-specific transcript of about 500 nucleotides that contains numerous target sites for miR-133 and -135 that regulate Mastermind Like Transcriptional Coactivator 1 ( MAML1 ) and Myocyte Enhancer Factor 2 C ( MEF2C ) , transcription factors that activate muscle-specific gene expression [ 66 ] . Another important class of lncRNAs acting as miRNA sponges are pseudogenes . An example of pseudogene showing miRNA sponge activity is Phosphatase And Tensin Homolog Pseudogene 1 ( PTENP1 ) . The protein-coding gene Phosphatase And Tensin Homolog ( PTEN ) is regulated by miR-19b and -20 a which can be sequestered by the pseudogene PTENP1 affecting the level of its cognate gene [ 67 ] . Another example of miRNA sponging RNAs are circular RNAs ( circRNAs ) . They form a covalently continuous loop characterized by the end terminal joining having on their sequence multiple binding sites for a specific miRNA . For a specific review on circRNAs see [ 68 ] .

In late 2012 it was evidenced that most of the human genome is transcribed but only a small percentage of the transcripts are translated . This observation supported the importance of non-coding RNAs and it was confirmed in several organisms . The most abundant non-translated transcripts are long non-coding RNAs ( lncRNAs ) . In contrast to protein-coding RNAs , they show a more cell-specific expression . To understand the function of lncRNAs , it is fundamental to investigate in which cells they are preferentially expressed and to detect their subcellular localization . Recent improvements of techniques that localize single RNA molecules in tissues like single-cell RNA sequencing and fluorescence amplification methods have given a considerable boost in the knowledge of the lncRNA functions . In recent years , single-cell transcription variability was associated with non-coding RNA expression , revealing this class of RNAs as important transcripts in the cell lineage specification . The purpose of this review is to collect updated information about lncRNA classification and new findings on their function derived from single-cell analysis . We also retained useful for all researchers to describe the methods available for single-cell analysis and the databases collecting single-cell and lncRNA data . Tables are included to schematize , describe , and compare exposed concepts . / nInt . J . Mol . Sci . 2020 , 21 , 302 2 of 32 not achieved by transcription factors ( TFs ) alone because of their low number ( approximately 1500 in mammals [ 4 ] ) compared to genes to regulate ( 90 % of the genome is transcribed in human [ 5 ] ) . A single TF is estimated to regulate only ten thousand genes according to Chromatin immunoprecipitation and DNA sequencing experiments ( ChIp-seq ) [ 6 ] . Moreover , the involvement of non-coding RNAs in gene expression regulation was evident [ 7 , 8 ] . The evidence that the non-protein coding component of the human genome is actively transcribed and carries out crucial functions limits the importance of coding genes in genome regulation . Non-coding transcripts become one of the stars of modern biology , especially because of their involvement in a wide range of regulatory processes and changed the association of non-coding regions to junk DNA [ 3 ] . / nThe genome of multicellular eukaryotes is mostly comprised of non-coding DNA ( less than 2 % of the human genome codes for proteins [ 9 ] while 90 % of the human genome is transcribed ) . Non-coding DNA is transcribed into different classes of non-coding RNAs ( ncRNAs ) that include structural RNAs ( rRNAs and tRNAs ) and regulatory RNAs [ 10 ] . rRNAs and tRNAs are involved in mRNA translation and can be long or short in size . Regulatory RNAs are further divided into three classes : Small , medium , and long non-coding RNAs . Small non-coding RNAs are between 20 and 50 nucleotides long and include microRNAs ( miRNAs ) that participate in post-transcriptional regulation [ 11 ] , small interfering RNAs ( siRNAs ) that are double-stranded RNAs involved in gene silencing through RNA interfering pathway [ 12 ] , piwi interacting RNAs ( piRNAs ) that represent the largest class of small non-coding RNAs in animal cells and regulate genetic elements in germ cell lines such as transposons [ 13 ] , cis-regulatory RNAs ( cisRNAs ) [ 10 ] , centromere repeat-associated short interacting RNAs ( crasiRNAs ) that are proposed to be essential for cellular stability and chromosome segregation [ 14 ] , telomere specific small RNAs ( telsRNAs ) that are heterochromatin associated pi-like small RNAs [ 15 ] . Medium non-coding RNAs are between 50 and 200 nucleotides long and include small cytoplasmic RNAs ( scRNAs ) [ 16 ] , small nuclear RNAs ( snRNAs ) [ 17 ] that are in splicing speckles and Cajal bodies of the cell nucleus in eukaryotic cells and are involved in pre mRNA processing , small nucleolar RNAs ( snoRNAs ) [ 18 ] that guide rRNA modifications , transcription initiation RNAs ( tiRNAs ) that modulate local epigenetic structure to regulate transcription factors localization [ 19 ] , and promoter-upstream transcripts ( prompts ) transcribed from genomic regions located approximately 0.5 to 2.5 kilobases upstream of active transcription start sites [ 20 ] . The remaining non-coding transcripts , longer than 200 nucleotides , are defined as long non-coding RNAs ( lncRNAs ) ( Figure 1 ) . / nThe number of genes transcribed into ncRNAs varies between species and , interestingly , the complexity of organisms seems to be associated with their abundance implying the potential importance of ncRNAs [ 1 , 7 ] . Life may depend on the transcription of ncDNA because of the role of ncRNAs in genetic regulation . In fact , ncRNAs provide a faster and more flexible regulation in comparison with proteins [ 7 ] . / nHowever , the precise molecular mechanisms , the biological functions , and the overall role of this huge amount of RNAs in cells remain largely unknown . This is particularly true for lncRNAs that have cell-type specific functions that also depend on the subcellular localization . / nTissues are composed of different kinds of cells and this represents a problem when studying the expression of both genes and proteins by using a standard bulk approach . In fact , the measured expression of a specific gene is the weighted mean of its expression in all the different cells that compose the tissue . The single-cell analysis could overcome this problem by opening new opportunities in the fields of developmental biology [ 21 ] [ 22 ] [ 23 ] , cancer biology [ 24 ] [ 25 ] [ 26 ] , immunology [ 27 ] [ 28 ] [ 29 ] , and neurology [ 23 ] . Because of the cell specificity of non-coding RNAs , single-cell approaches may allow a better comprehension of their function and of their involvement in complex processes associated with cell-cell communication . Moreover , single-cell analyses may allow understanding if ncRNAs can determine the generation of cell subtypes as evidenced by single-cell RNA sequencing ( scRNA-seq ) [ 30 ] [ 31 ] [ 32 ] .

The knowledge of HCWs towards JE was not optimized , however their attitudes were positive towards JE . Physicians and older participants were significantly associated with good knowledge and positive attitudes . Further studies are warranted to establish these results by including other major referrals hospitals of the affected states of India . Our findings could become a basis for the development of educational campaigns by targeting less knowledgeable areas highlighted in this study .

The results suggest that the overall knowledge of HCWs participated in this study was poor , especially about the management of JE , while their knowledge was relatively better in areas like awareness of JE , transmission , symptoms , and vaccines . Similar results were observed when knowledge about JE was evaluated among care givers in Shaanxi Province , China , where the same baseline results were reported by the researchers [ 14 ] . Regarding management , participants showed lack of knowledge about pharmacotherapy , as majority of participants considered antibiotics as first line treatment . The JE is a viral borne disease and there is no role of antibiotics in the management of JE and there is no specific antiviral medication available in the treatment of JE [ 15 ] . These findings indicate the need to take essential measures to bridge this knowledge gap by implementing effective interventions such as intensification of educational program , focussing more on the management , which may form one arm of this approach . These strategies are also supported by previous researchers in their report on the knowledge of Ebola virus disease ( EVD ) among HCWS in 2014 [ 18 ] . Majority of the participants in this study wrongly answered that JE is not seasonal in its occurrence ( 89 % ) . This possibly indicates the lack of literature reading habit or participation in workshops or symposia by HCWs [ 17 ] . Efforts should be made to address this issue by encouraging HCWs for continuous medical education . The results were not different when a research was carried out at the time of swine flu epidemic in Saudi Arabia [ 19 ] . There is a need to promote health research among healthcare workers in India as it may provide them important information about disease trends , risk factors and public health interventions . Arranging research seminars on outbreak of diseases and other health issues on a regular basis may aide in achieving the needful objectives . Researchers have also shown that participation in research activities may enhance the understanding of healthcare workers regarding different disease conditions [ 20 ] . Furthermore , knowledge of laboratory staff was slightly higher as compared to physician , though the difference was not significant . In contrast , superiority of physicians was evident over nurses and pharmacist in terms of knowledge about JE . The results are in accordance to other studies that showed high knowledge of Physicians in terms of epidemic diseases [ 21 , 22 ] . This finding could be possibly explained by the current healthcare system in India where physicians are seen as more clinically oriented professional as compared to other team members because of their in depth clinical training and more opportunities for professional development [ 23 ] . Therefore , it is equally important to educate other healthcare workers and community residents about epidemic or seasonal diseases and their preventive measures like vaccinations and precautions to prevent breeding mosquito in their homes and nearer areas . Policymakers and other concerned authorities should take essential measures to ensure the participations of other healthcare workers in infection control programs . Furthermore , it is noteworthy to mention that experienced HCWs ( > 10 years ) were more knowledgeable as compared to junior ones . The results are in line with another study which also reported the superior knowledge of experienced healthcare workers [ 24 ] . The possible reason of these findings could be due to administrative positions held by senior workers which allow them to participate in different educational forums , conferences and discussion panels . This may increase the overall knowledge of experience workers about healthcare issues associated with current epidemics . These findings are in accordance with a report which suggested that experience workers are more effective in dealing with patients in healthcare settings [ 25 ] .

Estimating the potassium deficits in the setting of chronic kidney disease is challenging . Despite the elevated creatinine , and aggressive intravenous potassium replenishment , the overall K values continued to decrease precipitously . This was overcome by changing dialysate K concentrations with ECMO-continuous venovenous hemofiltration .

In this particular patient , VT storm appears to have been caused by a confluence of pathologies .

For the next 7 hours in the emergency department , she proceeded to have continuous runs of polymorphic ventricular tachycardia ( VT ) and ventricular fibrillation ( VF ) necessitating 150 external defibrillations . These episodes were initiated by short-coupled premature ventricular complexes ( PVCs ) of multiple morphologies , as well as by sinus bradycardia ( Figures 2 and 3 ) . Sinus rhythm ensued for brief periods of time , lasting seconds to minutes .

It is generally agreed that most patients with refractory VT or VF often have underlying structural heart disease , 1 often associated with acute ischemia , reperfusion after transient ischemia , worsening heart failure , medications , underlying primary arrhythmia syndromes , hypokalemia and hypomagnesemia , and hyperthyroidism , among other factors . 3 A common pathway in patients with risk factors is the enhanced sympathetic catecholaminergic overdrive , which can augment and perpetuate the arrhythmia itself . 1 The management of electrical storm requires a basic knowledge of the arrhythmia mechanism and possible reversible etiologies , along with the implementation of aggressive abortive interventions . 1 Polymorphic VT , such as in this case , may result from acute ischemia or reperfusion , prolonged QT ( both congenital and acquired ) , Brugada syndrome , CPVT , acute myocarditis , hypertrophic cardiomyopathy , and medications , among other causes . When seen in patients with a normal heart , VF is generally triggered by closely coupled monomorphic PVCs , bradycardia , and hypokalemia . 1 It is well accepted that myocardial ischemia is one of the most prevalent etiologies of polymorphic VT and VF . In this particular case , after a thorough evaluation of the causative factors , it appears that a combination of profound electrolyte disarrangements , ventricular ectopy , and mild myocarditis were responsible for the patient 's clinical arrhythmias . Ischemia , in turn , though part of the differential , was less likely the culprit , as evidenced by the negative successive cardiac biomarkers , as well as preserved EF and absence of wall motion abnormalities seen on initial evaluation with echocardiography .

Intravenous amiodarone and lidocaine loads and maintenance infusions , intravenous potassium , magnesium , calcium , beta blockers ( propranolol ) , isoproterenol infusion , sedation with benzodiazepines and maintenance propofol drip , and rapid ventricular pacing at 130 beats per minute were used to stabilize the arrhythmias , which only improved transiently . Despite aggressive intravenous repletion of potassium ( 150 mEq ) , the serum K 1 levels continued to drop to a nadir of 1.7 from the initial value of 2.5 . When the arrhythmia burden changed from constant to intermittent , extracorporeal membrane oxygenation ( ECMO ; right femoral artery and vein ) was placed for hemodynamic stability and the patient underwent left stellate ganglion blockade , which further decreased the arrhythmia burden , with no defibrillation shocks required after day 2 .


The recommended approach for prevention and treatment of periodontal disease involves maintenance of oral hygiene by the owner and professional periodontal treatment by veterinarians 1 , 5 . Antibiotics are generally prescribed in combination with periodontal treatment , such as scaling and root planing , with the aim of reducing the number of pathogenic bacteria 17 . In addition to the use of antibiotics , periodontal recovery relies on the control of inflammatory responses within infected periodontal tissue 18 . Therefore , methods capable of suppressing the host inflammatory immune system should be developed for use in periodontal treatment , in addition to combined application of antibiotic medication and professional periodontal treatment . However , the efficacy of anti-inflammatory treatment of periodontal tissue infected with P . gulae has not yet been investigated .

Bacterial growth . Bacterial growth was analysed in accordance with previously described methods , with some modifications [ 50 ] [ 51 ] [ 52 ] . Various concentrations of clindamycin were tested for their effects on P . gulae growth : 0.005 , 0.01 , 0.015 , 0.025 , 0.05 , 0.1 , 0.2 , and 0.4 1 ⁄ 4 g / ml . In addition , various concentrations of IFN- ± formulation were tested : 0 , 1 , 10 , 50 , and 100 1 ⁄ 4 g / ml . Clindamycin and IFN- ± formulation , separately or in combination , were added to the trypticase soy broth supplemented with yeast extract , haemin , and menadione used for bacterial suspension growth . In addition , overnight cultured P . gulae bacteria were added to the media at a density of 4 × 10 8 CFU / ml and then cultured at 37 ° C for 24 h . Bacterial growth after incubation was measured by determining the optical density at 600 nm using a microplate reader ( SH-1000 Lab , Corona Electric , Katsuta , Japan ) , because the number of P . gulae bacteria in a given suspension has been previously estimated by measurement of the optical density at 600 nm and subsequent extrapolation from a standard curve 53 . The relative ratio of growth of each P . gulae strain was calculated by comparison with the optical density at 600 nm value of each bacterial broth without clindamycin . All assays were performed in triplicate on three separate occasions ( n = 9 ) .

Bacterial strains and cell cultures . P . gulae strains ATCC 51700 ( fimA type A ) , D040 ( fimA type B ) , and D049 ( fimA type C ) were selected from the stock culture collection in our laboratory 7 , 8 , 24 . Bacterial cells were grown anaerobically at 37 ° C for 24 h in trypticase soy broth supplemented with yeast extract ( 1 mg / ml ) , haemin ( 5 1 ⁄ 4 g / ml ) , and menadione ( 1 1 ⁄ 4 g / ml ) , as previously described 48 ; they were then used in the following experiments . Ca9-22 cells ( originally isolated from human gingival epithelia ) were obtained from the Japanese Collection of Research Bioresources ( Tokyo , Japan ) ; these cells were used as an in vitro counterpart of gingival epithelial cells 28 because they have been widely used as an in vitro culture model of gingival epithelial cells 28 , 49 . The cells were cultured in Dulbecco 's modified Eagle 's medium ( DMEM ) ( Wako , Osaka , Japan ) supplemented with 10 % fetal bovine serum at 37 ° C in 5 % CO 2 .

Interferon- ± ( IFN- ± ) , classified as a type I interferon , is generally secreted to combat infection 14 . IFN- ± has also been produced as a pharmaceutical agent which is used for treatment of autoimmune and infectious diseases in humans 15 . In addition , a canine IFN- ± formulation ( InterBerry ± ® ; Hokusan Co . Ltd . , Higashihiroshima , Japan ) has been commercially available as a pharmaceutical agent for periodontal treatment in animals since 2014 . The administration of canine IFN- ± formulation to the oral cavity of dogs has been reported to improve gingivitis symptoms and reduce the number of bacteria in the Porphyromonas genus 16 . However , there have been few studies focused on the role of IFN- ± in treatment of periodontal disease in dogs .

To the best of our knowledge , this is the first study to show that the combination of clindamycin and IFN- ± formulation is effective in improving the periodontal condition in dogs . In this study , we showed that combination therapy with clindamycin and IFN- ± could improve periodontal conditions and reduce P . gulae in randomly selected dogs . However , in addition to the effects of clindamycin and IFN- ± , genetic and environmental factors may have influenced our findings , because only a small number of dogs participated in this study . Therefore , larger clinical studies are needed using more dogs with different backgrounds .

www . nature . com / scientificreports www . nature . com / scientificreports / In humans , no IFN- ± formulation has been used in periodontal treatment . However , it may be useful to investigate whether combined treatment with antibiotics and an IFN- ± formulation can be effective in human periodontal disease , because dog owners sometimes are colonized by P . gulae from their dogs 47 . In addition , it may be also informative to analyse whether combined treatment with antibiotics and an IFN- ± formulation is effective to inhibit P . gingivalis growth , because this bacterial species is detected in both humans and dogs with periodontal disease .

The IFN- ± formulation can be used in all dogs regardless of age , based on its approval by the Ministry of Agriculture , Forestry and Fisheries . The manufacturer currently recommends that the IFN- ± formulation is administered to dogs with a periodontal score of d1 . However , we have successfully shown that the IFN- ± formulation is also effective in dogs with more severe periodontal conditions , which indicates that the IFN- ± formulation can be used for treatment of dogs with more severe periodontitis . During the experimental period , no dogs had any problems with gingival or physical conditions due to the administration of the IFN- ± formulation . Based on our results , the IFN- ± formulation could be used in the treatment of dogs at various ages and with various degrees of periodontal disease .

In the present study , we examined whether an IFN- ± formulation is useful for the suppression of inflammatory responses induced by P . gulae infection and whether it may be effective for treatment of periodontal disease in dogs . We applied the IFN- ± formulation after removal of dental plaque and dental calculus to allow the IFN- ± formulation to penetrate into the periodontal tissues . In addition , we continued the application of the IFN- ± formulation for 35 days to suppress chronic inflammation , because most periodontal diseases are chronic diseases 45 . Although the IFN- ± formulation was applied to all dogs for the same duration in the present study , the duration and frequency at which the IFN- ± formulation is applied should be determined on the basis of periodontal disease severity in future studies .

Pharmaceutical agents containing IFN- ± are widely used as antiviral and anticancer agents , because IFN- ± can inhibit the growth of viruses and cancer cells 43 . In addition to these effects , IFN- ± can regulate immune and inflammatory processes 44 . Therefore , we examined whether a canine IFN- ± formulation could suppress inflammatory responses in gingival epithelial cells that had been infected with P . gulae . We found that the IFN- ± formulation could reduce the expression of IL-12 and COX-2 , which were upregulated by infection with fimA types A and B P . gulae strains . Furthermore , we found that clindamycin was more effective than the IFN- ± formulation against the fimA type C P . gulae strain ; thus , combined use of an IFN- ± formulation and clindamycin may be effective for P . gulae strains , regardless of fimA genotype . In future studies , we plan to analyse effects of the combined use of an IFN- ± formulation and clindamycin on the expression of other cytokines and enzymes , as well as on the survival of various periodontopathogenic bacteria .

periodontal tissue injury [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] . Thus , methods to control the inflammatory response and to eliminate periodontal bacteria are considered to be important for the inhibition of periodontal disease .

Because zoonotic pathogens typically may cause variable clinical outcomes in human hosts that differ in age , nutritional status , genetic background , and immunological condition , deciphering the complex interactions between evolving pathogens and their hosts is a great challenge . The genome sequences of many host species have become available the last decade , and with them a range of novel tools are available to study virus-host interactions at the molecular level . This progress , together with advances in high-throughput sequencing technology and , not least , in ( bio ) informatics and statistics , allows us to analyze the ' ' genomewide ' ' networks of gene interactions that control the host response to pathogens . By comparing and contrasting the outcomes of infection with closely related pathogens in different but related host species , we can further delineate the various host pathways involved in the different outcomes . The power of this approach was nicely demonstrated for SIV infection of various primate host species . Natural reservoir hosts of SIV do not develop AIDS upon infection , whereas non-natural hosts , such as rhesus macaques and pig-tailed macaques , when infected experimentally with SIV , develop AIDS in a similar manner to HIV-infected humans . Transcriptional profiling indicates that SIV infection of these species produces a distinctive host response [ 6 ] . SIV-infected primates with symptoms of AIDS have a high viral load , immune activation , and loss of certain types of T cells , whereas SIVinfected sooty mangabeys ( the species from which HIV-2 is thought to have originated ) have substantially lower levels of innate immune activation than the symptomatic primates , partly due to the production of less interferon-a by plasmacytoid dendritic cells in response to SIV and other Toll-like receptor ligands [ 7 ] . Identification of host factors that restrict HIV infection may aid the development of effective intervention strategies . Below , we elaborate on two other examples of recent important zoonotic events that led to sustained virus transmission in the human host , and the role that genomics has played in the elucidation of their pathogenesis thus far .

When pathogens cross a species barrier , however , the infection can be devastating , causing a high disease burden and mortality . In recent years , several outbreaks of infectious diseases in humans linked to such an initial zoonotic transmission ( from animal to human host ) have highlighted this problem . Factors related to our increasingly globalized society have contributed to the apparently increased transmission of pathogens from animals to humans over the past decades ; these include changes in human factors such as increased mobility , demographic changes , and exploitation of the environment ( for a review see Osterhaus [ 1 ] and Kuiken et al . [ 2 ] ) . Environmental factors also play a direct role , and many examples exist . The recently increased distribution of the arthropod ( mosquito ) vector Aedes aegypti , for example , has led to massive outbreaks of dengue fever in South America and Southeast Asia . Intense pig farming in areas where frugivorous bats are common is probably the direct cause of the introduction of Nipah virus into pig populations in Malaysia , with subsequent transmission to humans . Bats are an important reservoir for a plethora of zoonotic pathogens : two closely related paramyxoviruses-Hendra virus and Nipah virus-cause persistent infections in frugivorous bats and have spread to horses and pigs , respectively [ 3 ] .

Most of the well-known human viruses persist in the population for a relatively long time , and coevolution of the virus and its human host has resulted in an equilibrium characterized by coexistence , often in the absence of a measurable disease burden .

The increasing abundance of affordable , sensitive , high-throughput genome sequencing technologies has led to a recent boom in metagenomics and the cataloguing of the microbiome of our world . The MinION nanopore sequencer is one of the latest innovations in this space , enabling direct sequencing in a miniature form factor with only minimal sample preparation and a consumer-grade laptop computer . Nakagawa and colleagues here report on their latest experiments using this system , further improving its performance for use in resource-poor contexts for meningitis diagnoses . 9 While direct sequencing of viral genomic RNA is challenging , this system was recently used to directly sequence an RNA virus genome ( IAV ) for the first time . 10 I anticipate further improvements in the performance of such devices over the coming decade will transform virus surveillance efforts , the importance of which was underscored by the recent EboV and novel coronavirus ( nCoV / COVID-19 ) outbreaks , enabling rapid deployment of antiviral treatments that take resistance-conferring mutations into account .

The paper is preliminary report of work that have not been peer-reviewed . It should not be relied on to guide clinical practice or health-related behavior and should not be reported in news media as established information .

As shown in Figure 4 , the results are fairly accurate ( see Figure 4 ) because the initial values for prediction have been measured everyday but it could predict only one day after . It is noted that this special AAEDM is capable to predicts an accurate future with only three values which everyone could find exact estimation even from news media [ 3 , [ 6 ] [ 7 ] or from the government reports [ 8 ] . The accuracy of this AADEM is more than 90 % ( 0.917 5 ) . ¶ 4.2 . The 10 days observation and the next 10 days predictions The calculation by using the AAEDM is straight forward and the predicted value could be estimated from ( 2.10 ) . The 10 days ( actually 11 ; 0,1 , , 10 ) during the á observation period ( 02.21 - 03.02 ) is selected for the observation ( i.e. , a training phase in a machine learning system ) . All important parameters including the and could , ' be calculated by using the data during this period .

The dataset for Korea case has been collected from various sources [ 3 , [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] for developing the statistical testing but all data have used the same original source from the Korean government [ 8 ] . The data have been collected as daily basis since February 21 , 2020 until March 14th , 2020 . Since , the data are scattered as daily reporting documents , the actual values are manually collected . Fortunately , it does not require heavy amount of this data because the purpose of data collection is for the AAEDM 8 demonstration . It is noted that the data collection from the government is confused because they change the way of delivering numbers . During the data collection period , they started counting the total number of infected people without adding the number of cured people . The total number of infected people had been counted including the number of cured in the past . The values in the dataset has been revised by adding the number of cured people after certain period of time .

The method of calculating these two factors could be mixed and matched . For instant , a data analyst could determine from ( 3.1 ) and from ( 3.4 ) instead of using the , ' ? ? ‡ ‡ original forms from ( 2.5 ) - ( 2.6 ) . Other scientists might differently calculate these factors from ( 3.1 ) and ( 2.7 ) . The optimal values of these factors could be determined by currently available datasets . The methods for determining these factors are freely chosen except for one condition :

This article consists of six sections . Section 2 describes the AAEDM which is an enhanced mathematical epidemic diffusion model to predict the number of infected people by typical epidemics . It also introduces the and which are kappa zeta factors capable to determine the characteristics of this prediction model . These factors could be used for understanding the current Covid-19 pandemic situations without analyzing heavy amount of dataset which only available for related professionals . Section 3 provides for data scientists or data analysts who want adapt the AAEDM into their statistical systems or the machine learning systems . There are couple of examples to simplify for gathering data and they could freely modify based on their circumstances with only one solid condition . Section 4 discusses the testing and validation of the AAEDM by using the dataset from the Covid-19 statistics in Korea . Although the AAEDM is a simple and handy model , the performance ( mainly , an accuracy of future predictions ) is fairly acceptable to be used for a statistical model by using Bigdata . Finally , the conclusion and further discussion regarding this research are provided in Section 5 and 6 .

The copyright holder for this preprint . https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.03.17.20037838 doi : medRxiv preprint

. CC-BY-NC-ND 4.0 International license It is made available under a is the author / funder , who has granted medRxiv a license to display the preprint in perpetuity .

The AAEDM has been designed for statistical analysis under extremely limited available datasets . Therefore , these two parameters ( & ) could be , - factor - factor ' alternative obtained even the values are not calculated from the original formula . There are a lot of alternative approximation approaches regarding these parameters and one of typical approaches are as follows :

and the parameter ( i.e. , ) that presents the ratio of cured people within the , ? ‡ , - factor net increased people could be found as follows :

The proportion of RV involvement in CAP is higher than previously reported . Influenza virus A pneumonia are usually found in patients older than 45 years , while , adenovirus pneumonia are commonly found in adolescents and young adult patients . Pandemic H1N1 virus is still recognized by PSI as a high-severity pathogen . The findings contribute baseline data on viral CAP study in China .

The incidence of adenovirus was 4.2 % , which was in the upper scale of the range of < 1 % -4 % as reported [ 12 ] . Although most infected cases are self-limited , adenovirus is recognized as one of the first viruses clearly linked with pneumonia [ 12 ] . David Lieberman 's team had found that 1.6 % of adults CAP patients caused by adenovirus , and no such cases had been detected in healthy controls or non-pneumonia low respiratory tract infection cohort [ 23 ] . Few studies reported on the coinfection of adenovirus with other pathogens , here , we found four with MP and four with other RVs , accounting for 20 % . Lauderdalea et al . reported that all infections of AdV were found in 17 - 44 years-old patients [ 28 ] . Similarly , the incidence was significantly higher in adolescents and younger adults ( p < 0.001 ) .

Further studies are required to determine whether a direct link exists between type I IFN signaling and celiac disease .

Onset of celiac disease-like symptoms have also been observed in a case of chronic myeloid leukemia treated with IFN- ± again suggesting a role of type I IFN in promoting Th1 responses to gluten ( 135 ) . Also , IFN- ± protein was detected in duodenal tissue of celiac disease patients but not in control samples ( 135 ) .

Despite the varying results from mouse studies on the role of type I IFN in colitis and the discrepancy between type I IFN effects on suppressing acute colitis and delaying recovery ( 74 , 75 ) , type I IFN have been suggested for the treatment of IBD . Several small studies have evaluated the consequences of IFN-21a in IBD patients with varying results ( 122 ) ( 123 ) ( 124 ) ( 125 ) ( 126 ) ( 127 ) ( 128 ) . Although small pilot studies suggested a beneficial outcome of type I IFN treatment of IBD patients ( 123 , 124 ) , a placebo-controlled , double-blind study on Crohn 's patients in remission did not find any improvement by IFN-21a treatment on the maintenance of remission ( 127 ) . Also two randomized placebo-controlled studies in UC patients with active disease could not show a beneficial effect of IFN- ± or IFN-21 treatment on disease remission ( 125 , 126 ) . A small study analyzing cytokine levels before and after treatment with IFN-21a found a correlation between responsiveness and reduction of IL-13 levels in UC patients . The unresponsiveness to IFN-21 treatment correlated with elevated levels of IL-17 in accordance with the findings in MS patients ( 121 , 128 ) .

By contrast , several studies suggested an indirect effect of TLR9 ligands and type I IFN signaling for protection in T cell-mediated experimental colitis ( 23 , 99 , 112 ) . While a role for B cells was excluded , colitis-reducing effects of CpG ODN were mediated by CD11c + cells and required functional type I IFN signaling in a model of T cell transfer colitis ( 112 ) . Kole et al . showed that colon mononuclear phagocytes deficient in type I IFN signaling failed to produce regulatory cytokines such as IL-10 , IL-27 , and IL-1RA in response to TLR activation . Furthermore in the T cell transfer colitis model , IFNAR signaling of host hematopoietic cells was important to limit effector cell expansion and to promote the stabilization of Foxp3 + Tregs ( 23 ) .

In another model of chronically elevated levels of systemic type I IFN , epithelial cell turnover was increased in various tissues including the intestine ( 106 ) . This effect was not due to direct signaling of type I IFN in epithelial cells but by induction of Apol9a / b in macrophages or stromal cells that subsequently promoted the turnover of epithelial cells ( 106 ) .

Tschurtschenthaler and colleagues reported that the lack of type I IFN signaling in IECs leads to a hyperproliferative phenotype ( 76 ) . Particularly the secretory cell types Paneth and goblet cells are expanded in a setting where IECs are the only cells impaired in type I IFN signaling ( Villin-Cre Ifnar fl / fl ) . Although this study suggests that type I IFN signaling occurs in IECs , the proliferative phenotype is secondary due to alterations of the microflora , as cohousing of the mice resolved the differences ( 76 ) .

Of note , the expression of ISGs at steady state seems to be driven by type I IFN and type III IFN in a cell type-specific manner . The cells of the lamina propria are mainly activated by type I IFN whereas IECs respond mainly to baseline levels of type III IFN due to low IFNAR expression on IECs , which is in accordance with the response pattern observed during viral infection ( Figure 1 ) ( 14 ) . Furthermore , the role of altered type I IFN signaling on IECs was addressed by several groups ( 50 , 76 , 106 ) .

A number of studies have addressed the functional importance of type III IFN compared to type I IFN in the context of viral infections ( 10 ) ( 11 ) ( 12 ) ( 13 ) ( 14 ) ( 15 ) . Less is known about the role of type I IFN and almost nothing on the role of type III IFN in the host defense against bacterial enteropathogens , intestinal homeostasis , and colitis . Therefore , we review recent progress made on the importance of type I and III IFN during enteric viral infections and focus on the role of type I IFN in the intestinal mucosal tissue during steady state , in response to bacterial infections and during inflammation .

The community stability of the gut microbiota might also depend on IFN signaling ( 98 ) . IRF-9-deficient mice unable to respond to either type I IFN or type III IFN displayed a significantly higher temporal variation than wild-type mice , which was accompanied by an increased presence of T cells and neutrophils . However , STAT1-deficient mice , which classically are unable to respond to type I IFN , type III IFN , and IFN-3 , were not significantly different from wild-type mice implicating that a previously unrecognized pathway might be involved ( 98 ) . Indeed , a role for IRF-9 in non-canonical IFN signaling and beyond the IFN response has been suggested ( 99 ) .

Intestinal homeostasis is dependent on the tight interplay between the host and commensal flora . The flora directly protects the host from intestinal pathogens by competition for nutrients and space . Furthermore , commensal bacteria are important for the development of the immune system and maintenance of the barrier . The host immune system has also a great influence on the composition of the microbiota ( 96 ) . Several studies have suggested that IFN signaling influences cross talk between the host and the flora .

Kernbauer et al . used a " murinized " L . monocytogenes strain LO28 expressing altered InlA recognizing mouse E-cadherin to show that , in sharp contrast to systemic infection , type I IFN signaling in response to both high-dose and low-dose intragastric L . monocytogenes infection is beneficial for the host . Diminished restriction of bacterial growth in the absence of type I IFN signaling resulted in exacerbated hepatic inflammation and damage ( 65 ) . Different results were obtained by a more recent study using an EGDe derivative strain expressing " murinized " InlA ( 66 ) . Contrasting systemic infection , which leads to strong type I IFN secretion , oral infection with this strain did not trigger robust type I IFN induction in splenocytes even when comparable bacterial burdens were present in the spleen . Neither major T cell depletion nor increased splenic IL-10 production was observed in this model and the detected infection-induced downregulation of the IFN-3 receptor on DCs and macrophages was not dependent on type I IFN signaling . Consequently , no major differences between wild-type and IFNAR1-deficient mice orally infected with L . monocytogenes where detected in this study ( 66 ) . The discrepancies between the Kernbauer and the Pitts study might

Improving the immunogenicity of antigens through the use of adjuvants ( which can also act as delivery systems ) is a rational approach for vaccine development . Nevertheless , achieving a potent adjuvant effect whilst avoiding reactogenicity or toxicity is a major challenge . Peptide and protein antigens suffer from poor immunogenicity and require the use of adjuvants . However , existing licensed adjuvants , such as alum and to a lesser extent MF59 , are not suitable as adjuvants for mucosal vaccine administration and in general do not induce mucosal antibodies [ 102 ] . Unlike the systemic immune system , mucosal surfaces regularly encounter an extensive range of foreign material . To accommodate this , the mucosal immune system must be selective in responding to antigens in order to avoid undesirable immune responses and excessive activation of the immune system [ 103 ] . Thus , induction of mucosal immunity is more difficult , and novel strategies are critical to the successful development of mucosal adjuvants .

Cationic PLGA particles have also been used as an intranasal delivery system for administering foot and mouth disease ( FMDV ) vaccine encoding the FMDV capsid protein [ 101 ] . Intranasal delivery of the cationic PLGA particles containing FMDV DNA vaccine formulations enhanced protective immunity against FMDV [ 101 ] . Whilst DNA vaccines have been shown promise for intranasal vaccine delivery , the technology requires further research to develop effective vaccines [ 19 ] .

DNA vaccines have been investigated for intranasal mucosal vaccine development . DNA-based vaccines where antibodies raised to specific proteins involved in immunity to infection have shown promise in animal models . The composition and negative charge of DNA generally hinders the entrapment efficiency and stability of vaccine formulations . Several investigators have used cationic components such as chitosan and polyethylenimine ( PEI ) to complex with DNA antigens in the form of nano- / microparticles for intranasal delivery [ 19 ] . Plasmid DNA containing chitosan nanoparticles for nasal immunization against nucleocapsid ( N ) protein of severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus ( SARS-CoV ) showed elicitation of mucosal IgA as well as systemic IgG against N protein [ 98 ] . SARS DNA vaccine Fig . 3 The structure of the lipid moieties used to enhance immunogenicity of weak antigens complexed with other cationic polymers effectively delivered the plasmid DNA to induce antigen-specific humoral and cellular immune responses [ 99 ] . PEI is of particular interest for intranasal delivery due to reported many-fold increase in gene transfer in the respiratory tract . Using PEI formulation , intranasal vaccination with DNA-encoding influenza A H5N1 or H1N1 antigens , high levels of antibodies were detected in bronchoalveolar lavages and the serum [ 100 ] .

Lipopeptides of bacterial origin , or their synthetic derivatives , represent potent immunostimulants when given in combination with peptide or protein antigens [ 80 ] . Examples of lipid moieties include tri-palmitoyl-S-glyceryl cysteine ( Pam3Cys ) , di-palmitoyl-S-glyceryl cysteine ( Pam2Cys ) , single / multiple-chain palmitic acids and lipoamino acids ( LAAs ) ( Fig . 3 ) . The desirable immunological activity of these lipid moiety conjugates arises from their intrinsic adjuvant properties , such as B cell and macrophage activators , ability to induce maturation of dendritic cells and promote an inflammatory response [ 81 ] [ 82 ] [ 83 ] [ 84 ] [ 85 ] . Generally , this occurs via signalling through receptors of the immune system that recognise these lipid moieties as pathogenassociated molecular patterns [ 86 ] [ 87 ] [ 88 ] [ 89 ] .

Liposomes are particulate vesicles composed of different ratios of lipids and cholesterol enclosing an aqueous core , enabling the incorporation of a wide variety of antigens . The immunogenicity conferred by liposomes is due to : their ability to accommodate multiple copies of antigens , preferential uptake by macrophages , protection within the biological environment and effects on the intracellular processing of antigen [ 19 , 58 ] . Surface-modified ( glycol chitosan or oligomannose coated ) liposomes have been shown to elicit humoral and cellular immune responses that were significant ( when compared to antigen alone ) following intranasal administration [ 59 , 60 ] . Surface charge tends to influence the immunogenicity of mucosal liposomal vaccine formulations . Fusogenic and cationic-fusogenic liposomes encapsulated with antigens have been demonstrated to effectively stimulate a mucosal immune response [ 61 ] .

Before 2003 , the self-completion of a health card and the visual inspection of passengers were implemented at the borders of most countries to screen for infections including dengue . The emergence of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) in 2003 highlighted the role of international travel in the rapid spread of infectious diseases and prompted many countries , including Taiwan , to establish border control strategies and introduce noncontact infrared thermometers ( NCITs ) at international airports to reduce the risk of imported infections [ 11 , 12 ] . However , several studies have indicated that the border control measures do not significantly contribute to the prevention of a local epidemic [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] . NCITs or alternative measures of border screening were found to be effective in the early detection and isolation of index cases , thus providing a short-term ( 7 - 12 day ) delay in the local transmission of novel influenzas [ 16 ] .

After July of 2003 , the world was declared free of SARS ; however , fever screening trials in airports were expanded in Taiwan and later implemented as part of an active surveillance program for multiple infectious pathogens , such as dengue , chikungunya , malaria , influenza and enteric bacteria [ 11 ] . In addition to the detection of dengue fever , which is one of the most frequently imported reportable diseases every year in Taiwan , this active surveillance policy provided other sentinel functions . For example , there were 13 imported chikungunya infections [ 23 ] detected among febrile travelers by this active surveillance from 2006 - 2009 ; therefore , these systems conferred an increasing awareness of the threat of imported pathogens .

Another limitation of this study is the lack of a negative control to compare the impact of border intervention based on self-reported fever , symptoms inspected or the fever screening program via NCIT on mitigating community dengue epidemics . Studies have reported a higher sensitivity of entry screening for influenza using NCITs than self-reporting at points of entry into the healthcare system [ 21 ] and on the potential of using NCIT for mass influenza screening [ 22 ] . Another study reported that entry screening measures such as thermal scanners , health declarations or medical checks could delay the local transmission of the pandemic influenza A for approximately 7 - 12 days [ 16 ] . However , we previously observed that there was no significant impact on the magnitude of dengue epidemics in the community between conducting entry inspections during preairport ( by self-reported questionnaires ) and post-airport fever screening [ 9 ] . These findings suggested that while border measures are established to mitigate the triggering of a dengue outbreak , integrated measures for reducing the transmission of mild , latent and asymptomatic viremic carriers of dengue and preventing the spread of secondary domestic infections should simultaneously be enforced .

In this study , we find that airport dengue screening also offers an opportunity to create a model for predicting the potential magnitude of all dengue importations ( R 2 X : Y = 0.61 , n = 104 , P < 0.000 1 , 95 % CI : 1.42 - 1.94 ) , based on a consecutive 4 - year biweekly dengue surveillance ( Figure 1 A ) . However , the coefficients of determination of the biweekly dengue surveillance ( R 2 X : Y ) varied among the respective years from 0.35 in 2007 to 0.72 in 2010 ; this result suggests that a prediction-fulfilment should be depended on well-controlled daily practices . Moreover , in terms of the regression relations of dengue importations detected in the airport vs . those detected in the community , the R 2 = 0.57 was higher in the yearly surveillance ( based on data derived from Table 2 ) than that of the biweekly surveillance with an overlapping 95 % CI for the slopes ( Figure 2 C ) , indicating that a confounding of the putative reporting timing might have occurred .

The non-endemic status of dengue in Taiwan can be confirmed by examining the epidemiological patterns from 2007 - 2010 . First , the outbreak of domestic dengue cases was temporally aggregated with a slight increase in June , a peak from September to November , a and a gradual decrease in December ; the lowest level was reached from January to February . Furthermore , there were several months ( February to May ) in which no domestic cases were observed in 2007 - 2010 ( Figure 2 A ) . Second , there were irregularities in the annual dominant dengue serotypes among the imported and domestic cases ( Figure 2 C ) , and diversity in the outbreak magnitude and location were observed ( Table 2 ) . Third , the monthly fluctuation patterns in the number of cumulative imported dengue cases ( X ) with a 1 - 3 month lead time ( t : month ) were associated with those of the domestic dengue cases ( Y ) , based on a consecutive 4 - year surveillance according to the Pearson 's rank test ( n = 48 , R X ( t-0 ) : Y = 0.24 , R X ( t-1 ) : statistical significance ( e.g. , n = 8 , Y = 0.32 X -6.27 , R 2 = 0.39 , P = 0.099 , in the Taipei area ) . However , from 2007 - 2010 , the percentage of the annual cumulative number of dengue cases that were importations was 37.99 % in North Taiwan ( Taipei , Yilan and Keelung ) , higher than 24.21 % in southern Taiwan ( Chiayi , Tainan , Kaohsiung and Pintung ) ( Table 2 ) . The annual cumulative numbers of dengue importations reported from clinics ( passive surveillance ) or detected at the airports ( active surveillance ) were associated with the numbers of domestic cases in 2007 - 2010 among the five hotspots ( Table 2 ) in southern Taiwan . An analysis of the dataset according to the geographical areas ( 25 counties / cities ) indicated that there were significant correlations between the annual cumulative number of dengue importations identified at the airports ( X ) and the number of dengue importations reported from community clinics ( Y ) ( n = 96 , Y = 0.93 X + 1.208 , R 2 = 0.57 , P < 0.000 1 ) ( Table 2 ) .

From 2007 - 2010 , a majority of the confirmed dengueinfected travelers were arriving from dengue-endemic regions in South or Southeast Asia , such as Indonesia ( 21.0 - 35.1 % ) , Vietnam ( 20.1 - 32.0 % ) , Thailand ( 5.0 - 13.0 % ) , the Philippines ( 9.0 - 12.3 % ) , Cambodia ( 4.1 - 8.0 % ) , Malaysia ( 2.0 - 4.1 % ) , Singapore ( 1.1 - 3.4 % ) , India ( 0 - 1.1 % ) and South America ( 0 - 0.7 % ) . Moreover , the cumulative numbers of the imported dengue cases that were detected at the airports ( X ) were found to be significantly associated with the total number of imported dengue cases ( Y ) using a linear regression analysis based on a biweekly surveillance from 2007 - 2011 ( Y = 1.68 X + 1.98 with a 95 % CI of 1.42 - 1.95 , R 2 = 0.61 , n = 104 , P < 0.000 1 ; Y : biweekly total of the number of imported cases of dengue ; X : biweekly number of the imported dengue cases that were screened at the airports ) ( Figure 1 A ) . In an analysis of the respective year surveillance data , the biweekly association ( n = 26 ) was demonstrated by an R 2 value that ranged from 0 .

Dengue viruses are some of the most significant arbovirus pathogens worldwide and cause endemic infections in tropical and subtropical regions . Approximately one-third of the global human population is at risk of infection [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] . The human incidence of dengue infection has increased dramatically over the past 50 years [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] due to the lack of an effective vaccine , exponential increases in international travel and shifts in global ecology . Additionally , the Aedes aegypti species , which is a major dengue vector , has spread considerably . Moreover , the population growth and urbanization of tropical and subtropical regions have increased the breeding sites for the mosquitoes that transmit the dengue virus [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] . The clinical features of dengue infection range from a mild , febrile illness ( dengue fever ) to fatal conditions , such as dengue hemorrhagic fever and dengue shock syndrome . The four related dengue virus serotypes have worldwide distributions , and the genotypes that are associated with increased virulence have expanded from South and Southeast Asia into the Pacific regions and the Americas [ 1 , 5 , 6 ] .

For the theoretical population density , the existence of a fundamental spatial resolution was apparent : at resolutions lower than this threshold , system-wide peak incidence was substantially over-estimated , obtaining a high peak incidence and fast spread similar to that obtained in a fully mixed model ( the lowest resolution ) . However , at the fundamental resolution and above , consistent estimates of the peak attack rate were obtained ( Fig . 1 H ) . This was increasingly evident as mobility became more and more restricted : for the most localised mobility assumptions ( low power ) , peak incidence in the fully mixed case was nearly double that at the highest resolution . At high resolutions , multiple small pixels containing low numbers of individuals and with a high heterogeneity in population size slowed the epidemic spread ; resulting in a long epidemic duration and a low peak incidence compared to low resolution model scenarios .

We confirmed that the overall cumulative attack rate ( CAR ) for our model was independent of the mobility kernel and the model resolution ( Fig . 1 A-F ) . This was by design : the model was constructed such that with the assumption of mass action mobility ( the rate of contact between two groups is proportional to the size of each of the groups ) the epidemic was identical at every resolution . This means that the next generation matrix at any resolution and for any mobility has the same spectral radius : R 0 was the same at all resolutions and contact levels and the local and global R 0 s were the same . A full proof that R 0 was constant with respect to resolution is given in the Text S1 in Supporting Information S1 , and is similar to that in Ref [ 23 ] . Because R 0 was constant , if the mobility was such that there was contact between every pair of pixels , the final epidemic size was the same across all resolutions and in every pixel . If mobility was restrictive enough that some pixels were never infected the final CAR reflected this restriction . The full proof that attack rates were constant with respect to resolution is in the Text S2 in Supporting Information S1 , and is similar to those in Refs [ 24 , 25 ] .

We implemented a generic metapopulation model with arbitrary spatial resolution ( see Methods ) varying from approximately 1 km 2 ( 300 by 300 , the smallest unit representation ) upwards ( Fig . S1 ) . We generated a theoretical population density in a region with total population just over 4 million and of size approximately 49 km 2 ( 49649 pixels ) . The region had three ' urban ' areas where population density was generated using a 2 - dimensional bivariate Gaussian and a ' rural ' area , generated from a uniform distribution , Fig . 1 G . We used this formulation to simulate the spread of a pathogen representative of influenza , with an SIR-like natural history , assuming that the generation time was 2.6 days and the basic reproductive number R 0 was 1.8 . The epidemic was seeded with 10 individuals in a central region ( Fig . 1 G ) , simulations were repeated 25 times at each resolution .

where s d was the distance below which the kernel function saturated , we used s d ~ 2 km . The power c determined the mixing between pixels , this was varied to give a range of mobilities but was always less than 0 .

We have chosen to represent the real biological process by a high resolution metapopulation model . Although we have not been able to push the model to resolutions higher than 1 km by 1 km , we suggest it is reasonable to assume , for the mobility kernels considered here , that the thresholds observed for peak incidence would not change substantially were we to approach the resolution of an individual-based model .

Although we have considered age effects implicitly by including lower mobility levels than are reported for commuting data ( Table S1 ) , the explicit representation of age within a similar modelling framework may lead to additional insight . For example , transmission dynamics at different scales may be driven by different age groups : the behaviour of more mobile adults may be disproportionately important in the seeding of nearby pixels . However , the slower than expected within-country spatial spread during 2009 [ 35 ] suggests that for pandemic influenza , population sub-groups with reduced mobility likely do define the fundamental resolution .

The kernels which were most affected by resolution were those which gave a lower mobility than that identified by commuting data ( Table S1 ) . Generally children are considered to cause the majority of transmission of pathogens like flu and measles , because their level of age group assortative mixing is very high [ 33 , 34 ] . Children also travel less far than working adults [ 22 ] . Together , these imply that a kernel for children is likely to be more restrictive than those defined by commuting data alone . Therefore , our results indicate that the correct specification of population interactions and sufficient spatial resolution is particularly relevant for epidemics such as measles and flu - those in which children play a large role .

We used Latin Hypercube Sampling ( LHS ) [ 27 ] to determine whether the patterns we saw with the illustrative mobility kernels could be generalised within a wider parameter space of mobility functions . We varied the kernel parameters : the power , c , between 26 and 22 ( as discussed earlier , this selection gave a wide range of mobility levels ) and the saturation distance between 1 and 10 km , choosing from a log scale ( so smaller distances are more likely ) . We tested 50 parameter sets chosen using the LHS technique [ 27 ] , with 10 separate realisations of each set for each region ( variation in results from the stochastic model was low - see confidence intervals for 25 repeats in Fig . 2 for example ) . Kernels for the 50 sets are plotted in Fig . S4 . The LHS results confirmed that the effect of resolution is most important in populations which are less mobile , Fig . 3 . As mobility decreased ( a combination of the offset and the power in the kernel ) the difference in peak incidence between the lowest and the highest resolution increased . This was particularly true in Guangzhou , Rio and New York , but in Delhi the effect was reduced ( due to Delhi having a very large population in comparison to the other regions ) .

threshold . At the highest mobility , peak incidence was unaffected by resolution : the high level of contact between pixels facilitated the quick spread of the epidemic , indicated by a short epidemic duration and a high peak incidence at every resolution ( Fig . 1 A - C ) .

Novel respiratory pathogens continue to pose substantial public health challenges , not least because of the risk that large epidemics may overwhelm key health care resources such as vaccination stockpiles and intensive care facilities . Recent epidemics of concern include : SARS [ 1 ] , influenza [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] , H7N9 [ 5 , 6 ] and MERS [ 7 , 8 ] . During an epidemic it is important to accurately predict the impact of the epidemic over different spatial scales , where scale refers to the size of the region being monitored ; such as a hospital , city , country or globally . Intervention policies should be defined relative to this spatial scale , for example taking account of how long it will take to vaccinate a whole city or to distribute a treatment country-wide . Those making decisions about intervention strategies need a clear understanding of the underlying epidemic process , so as to anticipate the magnitude and timing of peak incidence at their scale of interest and to effectively control the epidemic .

Byard et al . [ 5 ] emphasizes the need to examine the upper aerodigestive tract at autopsy in all age groups , not only early childhood , as such lesions may not produce marked symptoms and signs prior to lethal airway occlusion .

Background : Tonsillitis , with associated tonsillar hypertrophy , is a common disease of childhood , yet it is rarely associated with sudden death due to airway obstruction . Lethal complications involving the inflamed tonsils include haemorrhage , retropharyngeal abscess and disseminated sepsis . Case presentation : We report on a case of sudden and unexpected death in an 8 - year-old female who was diagnosed with and treated for tonsillitis . The child was diagnosed with acute tonsillitis 2 days prior to her collapse and was placed on a course of oral antibiotics . There were no signs of upper or lower airway obstruction . She was found to be unresponsive by her caregiver and gasping for air in her bed in the early hours of the second morning after the start of treatment . Autopsy showed massive and symmetrically enlarged palatine tonsils . The tonsils filled the pharynx almost completely . The epiglottis and laryngeal mucosa at the base of the epiglottis in the vicinity of the aryepiglottic membrane and the superior aspect of the larynx displayed red-purple discoloration , with mucosal swelling and edema . Histological examination of the palatine tonsils revealed prominent lymphoid hyperplasia , but no evidence of acute inflammation . Conclusion : Palatine tonsillar hypertrophy in infants is a common feature of both viral and bacterial tonsillitis and has been postulated as a possible risk factor for Sudden and Unexplained Death in Infancy ( SUDI ) , based on the theory of mechanical impediment of breathing by narrowing of the upper airway . The rounded shape of the tonsils may facilitate some airflow past the enlarged structures and hence protect against asphyxial death when the enlarged tonsils fill the laryngo-pharynx . Epiglottal and proximal laryngeal edema may play a more significant role in asphyxial unexpected deaths in cases of tonsillitis with tonsillar hypertrophy than previously suspected . This focusses the importance of careful examination of the epiglottis and proximal laryngeal mucosa , as part of a thorough examination of the laryngo-pharynx in cases of sudden death associated with tonsillar hypertrophy .

Infl uenza virologists report that recent isolates of highly pathogenic infl uenza viruses ( H5N1 and H7N1 ) have acquired molecular characteristics suggesting they might become more easily transmissible among humans ( 5 , 6 ) . In Indonesia , physicians have reported that everyone infected with the clade 2 infl uenza virus A ( H5N1 ) who did not receive antiviral treatment has died ( Table 1 ) ( 7 ) . Given extremely limited global supplies of antiviral agents , this is a terrifying observation . If a pandemic virus were to emerge with a level of virulence approaching that of infl uenza virus A ( H5N1 ) in Indonesia , it could lead to a global population collapse . Many infl uenza virologists doubt this will ever happen and believe instead that infl uenza virus ( H7N7 ) or reemergent infl uenza virus ( H2N2 ) could also cause the next pandemic . Chances are they might be right . Moreover , health offi cials in national governments and international agencies estimate that expected pandemic deaths will be no more than what can be extrapolated from the 1918 - 1920 pandemic ( 8 ) . These offi cials seldom , if ever , use the phrases " population collapse " or " population die off , " and their estimates may also be right . Nonetheless , in a seminal experiment reported in 1974 , Webster and Campbell showed that genetic reassortment , the process that gave rise to pandemic viruses in 1957 and 1968 , could give rise to a readily transmissible virus of extraordinary virulence ( Figure ) ( 9 ) . This experiment and human experience with infl uenza virus A ( H5N1 ) in Indonesia suggest it would be prudent for all countries to plan for something much worse than what occurred in 1918 - 1920 .

In 2005 , a representative of the World Health Organization ( WHO ) Global Programme on Infl uenza concluded that " most developing countries will have no access to a vaccine during the fi rst wave of a pandemic and perhaps throughout its duration " ( 2 ) . Since then , WHO has worked to build a stockpile of H150 million doses of vaccine against infl uenza virus A ( H5N1 ) for developing countries ( 3 ) , and 2 companies have pledged to provide WHO with 110 million doses . In 2007 , a WHO scientifi c consultation on how to use this stockpile concluded , " If there is suffi cient early warning that an outbreak of infl uenza ( H5N1 ) is due to a virus that is capable of sustained human-to-human transmission , then theoretically there may be a relatively limited ' window of opportunity ' to stop the spread of the virus before it spreads nationally or internationally . & However , a containment effort would be feasible only in settings where the number of localized cases are [ sic ] still limited , where adequate logistical support is available , and where the national government is supported by international assistance " ( 3 ) . The vaccine stockpile on which these efforts would depend does not yet exist .

It is too soon to know whether generic agents could be used to confront the next infl uenza pandemic , yet developing countries lack realistic alternatives . For this reason , their leaders must convince scientists and international organizations , including WHO , of the urgent need for research to determine whether these inexpensive agents could mitigate the effects of a pandemic . Otherwise , developing and industrialized countries alike could be faced with an unprecedented global health crisis .

Oshitani et al . correctly emphasize that preparing for the next pandemic requires a global perspective , but this does not necessarily mean that the measures used to confront the pandemic in developing countries must be supplied through an internationally organized top-down process . An international process will surely be required for distributing vaccines and antiviral agents , but experience indicates that the process will be slow and cumbersome and supplies of these agents will remain scarce ( 2 ) . Nonetheless , developing countries will need abundant supplies of effective agents , and abundance will be guaranteed only if these agents are generic , inexpensive , and produced in developing countries themselves .

Where feasible , clinical trials of promising treatment regimens might be undertaken in patients with severe seasonal infl uenza . In a few instances , clinicians might choose to treat patients infected with infl uenza virus A ( H5N1 ) on a compassionate basis ( 12 ) . However , none of these limited studies will guarantee that promising treatments in the prepandemic period will be effective against a true pandemic virus . Thus , careful plans must be made during the prepandemic period that will enable investigators to conduct randomized controlled trials of promising generic regimens during the early weeks of a new pandemic . If the case-fatality rate is similar to that of infl uenza virus A ( H5N1 ) ( H60 % ) , trials will not need to be large ( Table 4 ) . Within a few days , investigators should be able to recruit suffi cient numbers of patients to satisfy statistical requirements .

Developing countries face unique diffi culties preparing for an infl uenza pandemic . Our current top-down approach will not provide these countries with adequate supplies of vaccines and antiviral agents . Consequently , they will have to use a bottom-up approach based on inexpensive generic agents that either modify the host response to infl uenza virus or act as antiviral agents . Several of these agents have shown promise , and many are currently produced in developing countries . Investigators must primarily identify agents for managing infection in populations and not simply seek explanations for how they work . They must determine in which countries these agents are produced and defi ne patterns of distribution and costs . Because prepandemic research can not establish whether these agents will be effective in a pandemic , randomized controlled trials must begin immediately after a new pandemic virus has emerged . Without this research , industrialized and developing countries could face an unprecedented health crisis .

On the other hand , the selected small peptides targeting TpoR can compete for the binding of the natural ligand , thrombopoietin , and stimulate the proliferation of a TPO-responsive cell line [ 38 ] . Antagonists of membrane receptors from phage display have also been reported [ 41 ] [ 42 ] [ 43 ] . For example , vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) plays an important role in angiogenesis through binding to the kinase domain receptor ( KDR / FLK1 or VEGFR2 ) . Peptides as antagonists that block VEGFmediated angiogenesis have been obtained by phage display [ 43 , 44 ] . Human CXC ligand 8 ( hCXCL8 ) is a type of chemoattractant that binds to hCXCR1 and hCXCR2 , which are involved in inflammation . Inhibition of hCXCL8 binding to hCXCR1 and hCXCR2 by antagonistic peptides has been investigated , and used to develop new therapeutics for treatment of inflammatory diseases [ 45 ] . Phage display is also used to isolate receptor-independent peptide modulators , such as G protein-coupled receptors . Some selected peptides from G proteins can interact with the G ± i subunit , leading to an elevated sensitivity of guanine nucleotides to bind to A1 adenosine receptors [ 46 ] and to G23 subunit in order to enhance the dissociation of G protein heterotrimers in vitro , and activate G protein signaling in intact cells [ 47 ] .

Mimotopes can also be used to characterize unknown initiating events and provide clues toward disease pathogenesis . Biopanning with antibodies from systemic sclerosis patients was used to screen an immunopositive peptide that had a high degree of similarity to autoantigens , including heterogenous ribonucleoproteins ( hnRNP ) , cytochrome c , fibrillarin , and late protein UL94 of human cytomegalovirus ( CMV ) [ 32 ] . Immunopositive peptide-based affinity purified antibodies from sera of systemic sclerosis patients reacted with a surface component of endothelial cells and induced apoptosis . A dengue anti-NS1 antibody B-cell epitope is cross-reactive to astrocyte elevated gene-1 ( AEG-1 ) , a human protein on human endothelial cells that may cause some dengue patients to suffer from hemorrhagic fever ( DHF ) or dengue shock syndrome ( DSS ) [ 33 ] . Recently , an antigen peptide mimicking alpha-2-Heremans-Schmid glycoprotein , also known as fetuin-A , was identified from serum antibodies of prostate cancer patients [ 34 ] . Using this antigen mimic peptide , the authors demonstrated increased serum antibody reactivity to fetuin-A during disease progression in the index patient , and strong serum reactivity in a large cohort of metastatic prostate cancer patients [ 34 ] . As mentioned above , study of the disease-specific antigen mimics by phage display helps us to understand the etiology of diseases ( Fig . 2 ) . Fig . 2 Biopanning selection of phage-displayed peptide libraries using serum samples . The phage-displayed peptide library was precleared using normal human sera and selected with serum antibodies ( Abs ) from patients with candidate diseases . After three rounds of biopanning , immunopositive phage clones were screened by ELISA . Disease-specific epitopes were further identified and characterized by synthetic peptide binding and competitive-inhibition assays . Phage-displayed disease-specific epitopes can be used to determine microbiological origins , study immunotyping , or provide information for the development of diagnostic reagents and vaccines

The considerable potential of phage display peptide libraries lies in their capacity to identify some peptide molecules that mimic epitopes ( named mimotopes ) . Mimotopes have fewer similarities to primary amino acids of antigens and always show discontinuous sequences , but they can elicit an identical or highly Fig . 1 Application of biopanning with phage-displayed random peptide libraries . Random peptide libraries displayed on phages can be used for a number of target candidates , including purified antibodies ( B-cell epitopes ) , receptors ( agonists or antagonists ) , enzymes ( enzyme inhibitors ) , and carbohydrates ( antigen-mimetic peptides ) . After three to five rounds of biopanning , specific individual phage clones are selected and analyzed similar antibody response to that of the native epitope . The development of diagnostic or preventive reagents requires screening phage-displayed peptide libraries for disease-specific epitopes / mimotopes in serum or cerebrospinal fluid samples obtained from patients with viral infections [ 22 , 23 ] , rheumatoid arthritis [ 24 ] , multiple sclerosis [ 25 ] , autoimmune thrombocytopenic purpura [ 26 , 27 ] , and neurocysticercosis [ 28 ] . Peptides have been selected by biopanning serum samples from patients infected with HPV [ 18 ] , SARS [ 17 ] , and AIV [ 19 ] . Mimotope-based detection is suitable for broad spectrum antibodies against avian H5N1 influenza virus [ 29 ] , and has been shown to improve serological detection of SARS [ 17 ] and rheumatoid arthritis [ 30 ] . Another example is recently identified cholera toxin-binding peptides . Cholera toxin , which is secreted by Vibrio cholerae , can enter host cells by binding to GM1 , a monosialoganglioside , and would result in acute diarrhea . Biopanning with cholera toxin B ( CTB ) subunit to select CTB-binding peptides that structurally mimic GM1 could serve as novel agents to block CTB binding on epithelial cells and prevent the ensuing physiological effects of cholera toxin [ 31 ] .

Upon encountering antigen , host humoral immunity activates and triggers production of antibodies directed against foreign protein epitopes . Knowledge of these protein epitopes is pivotal in understanding the pathogenesis of pathogen infections and in developing diagnostic reagents , therapeutic antibodies , and effective vaccines . An epitope ( known as an antigenic determinant ) is recognized by components of the immune system , including antibodies , B cells , and T cells . The epitopes of antigens , which are dependent on their structural properties , can be either linear or conformational [ 2 ] . Linear epitopes have some continuous amino acid sequences of antigens , which correspond with their primary structure . In contrast , conformational epitopes contain discontinuous amino acid sequences of antigens , which are based on their protein tertiary structure . There are several experimental methods with which to identify B-cell epitopes , such as Pepscan [ 3 ] , co-crystallization [ 4 ] , nuclear magnetic resonance ( NMR ) [ 5 ] , computational docking [ 6 ] , and site-directed mutagenesis [ 7 ] . The phage display method provides an economical and rapid approach with which to map B-cell epitopes [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] . Previous studies have used various phagedisplayed random peptide libraries to identify B-cell epitopes [ 11 ] [ 12 ] [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] or neutralizing epitopes [ 11 , 14 , 16 ] from monoclonal antibodies ( mAbs ) . In addition to mAbs , polyclonal antibodies ( e.g. special sera from patients or immunized mice ) can also be captured on solid disks or magnetic beads , and then reacted with a comprehensive library of random peptides . Peptides have been selected by biopanning with antibodies from complex sera of patients with various diseases , including severe acute respiratory syndrome ( SARS ) [ 17 ] and infection with human papillomavirus ( HPV ) [ 18 ] and avian influenza viruses ( AIV ) [ 19 ] . Based on information on B-cell epitopes from polyclonal antibodies , certain peptide-based antigens are useful for serological diagnosis , and some are suitable for development of vaccines [ 17 , 20 , 21 ] . The selected disease-specific epitopes may prove to be invaluable for the identification of the etiological agent [ 17 ] ( Fig . 2 ) .

Although cancer drugs continue to be discovered , most of these drugs have only limited efficacy against cancer , with less than ideal ability to prolong the lives of cancer patients . Small molecule drugs have the advantage of having higher tissue penetration abilities , but they are non-specific to tumors and have a relatively short halflife . Protein drugs are highly tumor-specific ; however , they have lower tumor penetration abilities due to their larger molecular sizes . Peptide-mediated drug delivery systems combine the potent small molecule drugs with high specificity of peptides , thus leveraging the benefits of the two therapeutic regimens while reducing their disadvantages . An ideal drug delivery system should achieve a high level of clinical efficacy and minimize the adverse effects . The development of targeting liposomes can improve drug delivery to the target tissue and reduce drug distribution to nontarget tissues , resulting in increased therapeutic activity with minimal side effects . Peptidemediated liposomes that target tumor cells and vasculature represent a new generation of chemotherapeutic delivery systems . They offer superior pharmacokinetics , controlled biodistribution , greater efficacy , and enhanced safety profiles , and simultaneously improve eradication of disease and reduce common side effects . This has been a long sought-after goal in the development of chemotherapeutic drugs . The modular organization of targeting liposome technology makes it possible to combine peptides with a series of liposomal drugs to yield next-generation targeted agents , such as peptidemediated targeting liposomes . However , to date , no peptide-drug conjugates or peptide-modified nanoparticles have successfully reached the market . However , certain hurdles must be overcome before peptides can be widely used as targeting moieties , including development of the appropriate ligand for the targeted receptor , understanding the mechanisms of ligand-receptor uptake , disposition , trafficking , and recycling , and compliance with Chemistry , Manufacturing , and Control ( CMC ) requirements .

Drug delivery using antibodies or ligands that bind to specific receptor molecules on tumor target cells allow increased drug accumulation at the target tumor site , however , the actual percentage of drug accumulated at the tumor site was often only a few percent of the total dose administered . Identification of effective ligand-receptor interaction may help to improve the effectiveness of active targeting . In the field of targeted drug delivery , scientists still have a long way to go , but this may change within the next couple of years . Over time , the number of targeted drug-delivery nanoparticles approved by the FDA is expected to increase .

Cancer cells , different from normal cells , are often found to overexpress certain antigens . Molecules which can recognize these tumor antigens with high specificity are suitable candidates as potential agents for guiding cancer chemotherapy to target tumor sites . The therapeutic monoclonal antibody , antibody-drug conjugates ( ADCs ) , peptide-drug conjugates ( PDCs ) and peptidemediated drug delivery systems have a major impact on the field of cancer therapy . Therapeutic monoclonal antibody based therapies have achieved remarkable clinical success and become one of the most important strategies for treating patients with hematological malignancies and solid tumors . The direct action of antibodies by receptor blockade or agonist activity may have limited therapeutic activity . Antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity ( ADCC ) and complement-dependent cytotoxicity ( CDC ) have been demonstrated to have a major role in antibody efficacy [ 128 , 129 ] . Unfortunately , antibody treatment of patients with malignant tumors may not achieve therapeutic effect due to immune suppression , immune escape , complement inhibition etc . ADCs offer the possibility to overcome this issue by enhancing cytotoxicity to cancer cells , thereby reducing undesired side effects . Although ADCs have already been approved as anticancer therapy , there remain several limitations to this type of therapeutics , such as tumor penetration , high manufacturing costs , and challenging conjugation chemistry [ 130 ] .

Peptide-mediated liposomes include three main components : an anticancer drug , a liposome carrier , and targeting ligands ( Fig . 5 ) . Remote loading methods , such as the ammonium sulfate method [ 110 ] and the pH gradient method [ 111 ] , can encapsulate weak bases , such as doxorubicin or vinorelbine , into the liposomes with more than 95 % efficiency [ 89 ] . Schedule-dependent drugs , such as vinca alkaloids and topotecan , are reasonable candidates for liposomal delivery because of their effectiveness at enhancing the exposure time of cancer cells to therapeutic drug levels . The use of peptidemediated liposomes also avoids exposing normal tissue to cytotoxic drugs , and prevents adverse side effects . High tumor interstitial fluid pressure ( IFP ) is a barrier for efficient drug delivery [ 112 , 113 ] . Increased IFP contributes to decreased transcapillary transport in tumors , which reduces uptake of drugs . This approach sidesteps the problem of high tumor IFP [ 89 , 113 , 114 ] and improves treatment effectiveness , thereby reducing incomplete tumor response , rapid disease relapse , and development of drug resistance due to suboptimal doses , which are often seen when using conventional chemotherapies .

The delivery of anti-cancer drugs to solid tumors is limited by physical transport barriers within tumors , and such restrictions directly contribute to decreased therapeutic index and the emergence of drug resistance . Drug delivery systems designed to precise spatiotemporal control have demonstrated potential to enhance drug delivery in animal models . Many nanoparticle delivery systems for anticancer drugs have entered the clinic , where they have been shown to exert anticancer effects by improving the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of their associated drugs [ 109 ] . Liposomes are the most advanced form of particulate drug carriers . Liposomal systems , like RES-avoiding and longcirculating systems , can confer stable formulation , improved pharmacokinetics , and " passive " targeting of tumor tissue . The newest generation of drug carriers utilizes multicapable nanotechnology-oriented strategies aimed at greater specificity and efficiency . They feature direct molecular targeting of cancer cells via ligandmediated interactions . Molecular targeted drug delivery can be achieved using targeting liposomes created by linking liposomal drugs to specific ligands . The development of targeting liposomes has been made possible by advances in liposomal systems . These two technologies Fig . 4 Use of phage display libraries to identify peptides that bind to a specific organ . a The in vivo process is based on panning the library of peptides against the target organs . The phage peptide library is injected into the mouse 's tail vein to allow it to circulate throughout the body . After a few minutes in circulation , phage molecules that bind to organs and tissues of interest are isolated . The isolated phage molecules are amplified and subjected to further rounds of selection to enrich organ-specific phage . Finally , DNA from the phage is sequenced to identify the encoded peptide , and the peptide can be used for the development of organ-specific therapeutics and diagnostics . b The specificity of selected phage clones can be further confirmed using the phage homing assay . Mice are injected with the selected phage clones through the tail vein . Phage clones are allowed to circulate , and the nonspecific binders are washed out . The organs are subsequently recovered , and the titers of phage in various organs are determined can in principle be fully integrated , thus combining the specificity of ligands with the drug delivery capabilities of liposomes ( Fig . 5 ) .

This approach has been applied to a number of different organs , including brain , kidney , lungs , liver , uterus , muscle , pancreas , thymus , and mammary gland [ 101 ] . Various types of tumor and malignant tissue vasculature have been targeted using phage-displayed random peptide libraries [ 97 , [ 101 ] [ 102 ] [ 103 ] [ 104 ] [ 105 ] . In addition to tumor blood vessels , many tumors induce the growth of new lymphatic vessels and change characteristics during tumor development . Several researchers have used the in vivo phage display technology to map tumor-specific differences in the lymphatic vasculature , and have identified peptides that specifically home to tumor lymphatics [ 106 ] .

Organ-specific peptides can be isolated from phage display peptide libraries by performing the selection in a living animal . In vivo phage display technology was first described by Ruoslahti and co-workers in 1996 [ 95 ] . They aimed to discover brain vasculature targeting peptides using phage-displayed peptide libraries . Typically , a random peptide phage library is introduced by intravenous injection into the circulation of animal . After a brief circulation time , the animals are sacrificed , and the unbound phage clones are washed off through perfusion of the left ventricle with saline . Based on the half-life of the phage in previous studies , the circulation time of a peptide-displayed phage is generally estimated to be in the 5 to 15 min time range [ 86 , 96 , 97 ] . There is evidence that the displayed exogenous peptide or protein can exhibit circulation half-lives as short as 1.5 min to as long as 4.5 h [ 98 , 99 ] . Molenaar and co-workers reported that degradation of phage occurs as rapidly as 30 min after injection [ 98 ] . A circulation time of over 30 min may be caused by lysosomal degradation of phage after uptake by the target tissue .

The phage display technique has also allowed us to identify novel peptides against RNA of interest by screening random peptide libraries [ 67 , 68 ] . Selective peptides targeting helix 31 of bacterial 16 S RNA can be used to inhibit cell-free translation [ 67 ] . Bose et al . used phage display to find a selective peptide binding to pre-miR-21 , which blocks Dicer processing and decreases miR-21 expression [ 69 ] .

Phage display is a selection technique in which a peptide or protein is fused with a bacteriophage coat protein and displayed on the surface of a virion . This technology was first described by George P . Smith in 1985 , when he demonstrated the display of peptides on filamentous phage by fusing the peptide of interest to gene III of filamentous phage [ 1 ] . Phage-displayed random peptide libraries enable functional access to the peptides and provide a physical link between phenotype ( the displayed peptide ) and genotype ( the encoding DNA ) ; these libraries lend themselves to a screening process in which binding clones are separated from nonbinding clones by affinity purification .

RHS is characterized by the involvement of the geniculate ganglion of the VII nerve by VZV . Although not common , RHS may involve multiple lower cranial nerves , presenting with a wide variety of neurological symptoms . Moreover , VZV is an uncommon cause of acute laryngitis which requires heightened awareness among clinicians to differentiate it from other etiologies in the presence multiple cranial nerve involvement .

The slight differences in HA1 size between trypsin-and TMPRSS2-treated HA has been previously shown to be caused by altered glycosylation patterns in TMPRSS2-overexpressing cells ( Bertram et al . , 2010 a ) . Further , we found that wild-type but not mutant PAI-1 inhibited TMPRSS2-mediated cleavage of both HA subtypes . In contrast , cleavage of H5 Vietnam , which is mediated by endogenous intracellular proteases such as furin , was not impaired by PAI-1 ( Figure 4E ) . This result is in line with data from PAI-1-furin gel shift assays ( Figure S4 ) and from experiments with furin-dependent HPIV3 ( Figures S2H and S2I ) , further suggesting that furin is indeed not inhibited by PAI-1 . Finally , we examined the cleavage state of HA on HAEC . These cultures produce and secrete intrinsic airway proteases on their apical side ; in fact , they have previously enabled identification of several proteases that cleave HA ( Bö ttcher et al . , 2006 ) . Addition of rPAI-1 to HAEC during IAV WSN / 33 infection dramatically reduced HA cleavage , whereas addition of a-PAI-1 increased cleavage ( Figure 4 F ) . These findings are in agreement with our previous results demonstrating virus growth kinetics in HAEC ( Figure 2 F ) . ( A-D ) Representative gel shift assays to show complexes of recombinant PAI-1 ( rPAI-1 ) and indicated proteases . 1 mg of rPAI-1 was combined with increasing amounts of protease , and the mixture was separated on SDS gels followed by silver staining . Where indicated , triplaxtinin was used to inhibit PAI-1 activity .

We next investigated cleavage efficiency of HA from different clades : H1 of A / Puerto Rico / 8 / 34 , H2 of A / Japan / 305 / 57 , and wild-type H5 of highly pathogenic A / Vietnam / 1203 / 2004 ( Figures 4 D and 4E ) . Both H1 PR8 and H2 Japan were uncleaved at baseline but were readily cleaved by either exogenous trypsin or overexpressed TMPRSS2 ( Figure 4 D ) . mRNA expression was normalized relative to housekeeping gene RPS-11 . Fold increase over pre-treatment control levels is shown . Accumulated total ( B ) intracellular and ( C ) extracellular protein levels of PAI-1 were determined by ELISA . Data are represented as mean ± SEM from n = 3 experiments .

Next , we examined the efficiency of HA cleavage in the presence of PAI-1 and trypsin . We found that rPAI-1 completely blocked trypsin-mediated cleavage of HA0 into HA1 and HA2 ( Figure 4 A ) . Furthermore , expression of wild-type PAI-1 , but not the inactive mutant , reduced the specific infectivity of IAV Puerto Rico / 8 / 34 grown in the presence of trypsin ( Figure 4 B ) . We found similar results for the extracellular airway proteases transmembrane protease serine 2 ( TMPRSS2 ) and HAT , both known HA-cleaving proteases ( Hatesuer et al . , 2013 ; Figure 4 C ) . Treatment with additional trypsin prior to virus titration restored specific infectivity to the level of virus grown in the presence of either protease , suggesting that the defect in specific infectivity was indeed caused by uncleaved HA ( Figures 4 B and 4 C ) .

Complex formation between UspA1 ( 527 - 665 ) and N-CEACAM1 was measured using a VP-ITC microcalorimeter ( MicroCal ) at 371 C . In the first run , UspA1 at 4 mM in 50 mM Tris-HCl , pH 8.0 , 150 mM NaCl , was titrated with a 47 mM solution of N-CEACAM1 in the same buffer in 25 steps of 10 ml ; these concentrations were 5 and 100 mM , respectively , in the second run . The raw data were corrected for the competing dimerisation of N-CEACAM1 . Data from each of these two runs were analysed using the Origin V5 . 0 ITC Analysis software assuming a single type of binding and without fixing the number of ligand molecules . The data from the first run gave N 1 ⁄ 4 2.1 ± 0.1 with K D 1 ⁄ 4 35 ± 13 nM , and in the second run N 1 ⁄ 4 1.9 ± 0.1 and K D 1 ⁄ 4 12 ± 10 .

Sedimentation equilibrium experiments were performed using a method previously described ( Murphy et al , 2006 ) . CEACAM1 ( 0.36 mg / ml ) was in 50 mM Hepes ( pH 8.0 ) , 150 mM NaCl and UspA1 ( 527 - 665 ) ( 0.13 mg / ml ) or CEACAM1 / UspA1 ( 527 - 665 ) complex ( 0.07 mg / ml ) in 50 mM Tris ( pH 8.0 ) and 150 mM NaCl . In each case , the corresponding buffer was used as a reference . Data were collected at rotor speeds of 10 000 , 16 000 and 25 000 r.p.m. after 20 and 24 h by measuring absorbance at 230 or 280 nm , as a function of the radius of centrifugation .

" I think it will still be quite practically hard if like the person that was infected chose just to walk around the house or flat like practically it 's really hard to keep three feet away from them , maybe wait till they 've walked out the corridor and just things like that " ( F4 , female , age 19 ) It seems that , at least in the context of non-pandemic colds and influenza , socially isolating members of a household contradicts the ethos of what a household should be ; a shared , socially connected and ' free ' household .

Despite all participants stating that it was possible for each member of their household to sleep in separate bedrooms , a lack of adequate space to maintain social distance was cited as a further practical barrier . This apparent contradiction appeared to be based on the assumption that the infected person would continue to be mobile . For example , several participants stated that maintaining social distance would not be feasible given the necessary , daily activities of the household e.g. eating , cleaning , moving between rooms etc . This assumed mobility may result from the perceived unacceptability of restricting an individual 's movement within the household . As one participant states , a household represents " shared " space to which all members are entitled access :

Other physical barriers to the implementation of the recommended behaviours included a lack of time to implement frequent handwashing and bodily effects such as sore noses from frequent tissue use or sore hands from frequent washing .

Initiatives to improve understanding either at school , through doctors or in the media were considered valuable methods to facilitate implementation of the recommended behaviours .

" No one 's ever told you when , not even your doctor 's told you when you get a cold you should wash your hands a lot more than you usually do " ( F6 male , age 23 ) .

Semi-structured focus groups lasting between one to one and a half hours were conducted by a single group facilitator ( the first author ) . In total one interview and eight focus groups were conducted ; each group contained between two and six participants . Group discussions with two people do not constitute an ideal focus group design ; only two groups were this small . However , when more than two participants were not able to meet at a convenient time , or when any participant failed to attend an arranged meeting , data collection proceeded with the number of participants present to avoid losing potentially valuable data . Separate focus groups were conducted with participants who had children ( two groups ) and participants who did not have children ( six groups ) as it was reasoned that parents might have different responses toward infection control measures given their particular responsibilities and circumstances . Six of the focus groups were mixed gender , with one group of men and one group of women . The focus groups were fairly homogenous with respect to age .

The histopathological score was obtained based on the loss of brush border , grading of tubular necrosis , tubular dilatation , and cast formation in six randomly chosen , non-overlapping fields as follows : 0 ( none ) , 1 ( d10 % ) , 2 ( 11 - 25 % ) , 3 ( 26 - 45 % ) , 4 ( 46 - 75 % ) , and 5 ( e76 % ) 27 . The extent of renal interstitial fibrosis ( RIF ) was scored from 0 to 3 as follows : 0 = absent , 1 = less than 25 % of the area , 2 = 25 - 50 % of the area , and 3 = more than 50 % of the area . The RIF index was obtained by the following formula : RIF index = ( 0 × n 0 + 1 × n 1 + 2 × n 2 + 3 × n 3 ) / ( n 0 + n 1 + n 2 + n 3 ) × 100 % 28 . All specimens were anonymized and evaluated in a blinded manner . The sections were observed with an Olympus BX51 microscope ( Olympus , Tokyo , Japan ) and analyzed by ImageJ software ( National Institutes of Health , Bethesda , MD , USA ) . Biochemical analysis . Blood urea nitrogen ( BUN ) , creatinine ( Cre ) , and urinary protein ( UP ) were measured using Beckman Coulter AU5800 ( Beckman Coulter Inc . , Brea , CA , USA ) . The levels of white blood cell ( WBC ) , red blood cell ( RBC ) , hemoglobin ( HGB ) , and hematocrit ( HCT ) were determined by Mindray BC-6900 ( a ) The cell proliferation was determined by EdU assay . The proliferative cell nuclei were stained by EdU assay with red , and all nuclei were stained by DAPI with blue ( original magnification , × 100 ) . ( b ) The cell proliferation rate was calculated . ( c ) The cell viability was detected by MTS assay . Values were presented as mean ± SEM ( n = 6 ) ; * P < 0.05 , * * P < 0.01 compared with the control group ; # P < 0.05 , # # P < 0.01 compared with the GEN group .

It is widely accepted that relatively high level of ROS causes redox imbalance , induces cell apoptosis or necrosis during a wide variety of physiological and pathological conditions 47 , 50 , 51 . Our results indicated that the levels of ROS and MDA were markedly increased , and the activities of anti-oxidative enzymes , SOD and GSH-Px , were significantly decreased compared with the control group , suggesting that ROS could induce apoptosis in the kidney of CRF rats . All these changes were reversed by administration of H 2 S . Recent studies have proven that ROS can activate MAPKs and apoptotic cell death induced by ROS is mediated by MAPK pathway [ 52 ] [ 53 ] [ 54 ] . The present study identified that CRF increased the phosphorylation of p38 , JNK , and ERK , whereas H 2 S treatment significantly reversed the CRF-induced increase in MAPKs phosphorylation . These results demonstrated that H 2 S was able to reduce the apoptotic levels induced by CRF through ROS-mediated MAPK pathway .

BUN and Cre are the most commonly used markers for detecting nephrotoxicity in traditional clinical pathology 44 . Treatment with H 2 S significantly decreased the levels of BUN and Cre , suggesting that H 2 S could reduce nephrotoxicity in CRF rats . Another common complication of CRF is anemia which often contributes to poor functional status and quality of life for CRF patients 40 . The RBC , HGB and HCT values of CRF rats were significantly lower than those of the control group , confirming that anemia had developed in our animal model of CRF . Our results showed that H 2 S was able to reduce the extent of anemia observed in rats with CRF , which was in line with a recent study 45 .

H 2 S alleviates renal inflammation in CRF rats . Adenine treatment could induce a highly significant increase in plasma concentrations of some inflammatory cytokines , such as TNF- ± and interleukin-1 beta ( IL-12 ) 33 . Whether H 2 S could reduce renal inflammation in CRF rats remains unknown . In this study , the inflammatory cytokine levels in the kidney were determined using ELISA techniques . Compared with the control group , the expression levels of TNF- ± , IL-6 , IL-10 , and MCP-1 were significantly increased . Treatment with H 2 S remarkably decreased the levels of TNF- ± , IL-6 , IL-10 , and MCP-1 ( Fig . 9 ) , suggesting that H 2 S could effectively alleviate renal inflammation in CRF rats . Figure 9 . Effects of H 2 S on the cytokine levels in the kidney of CRF rats were assayed using ELISA techniques . The expression levels of TNF- ± ( a ) , IL-6 ( b ) , MCP-1 ( c ) , and IL-10 ( d ) were measured . Values were presented as mean ± SEM ( n = 8 ) ; * P < 0.05 , * * P < 0.01 compared with the control group ; # # P < 0.01 compared with the CRF group .

Heritability estimates of the 54 analyzed ITs was equal to 0.45 on average ( se = 0.20 ; Table 1 For the large set of adaptive ITs , the mean heritability was 0.48 ( se = 0.21 ) . No significant difference in average heritability values was detected either between group of ITs qualifying the innate and adaptive immunity or the humoral and cellular adaptive immunity . In addition , an equivalent proportion of innate and adaptive ITs had significant heritability values . Indeed , 40 % ( 10 / 25 ) , 40 % ( 2 / 5 ) and Among the traits involved in cell-mediated immunity , variation in ab T lymphocyte ( CD4 - CD8 + , CD4 + CD8 + and CD4 + CD8cells ) counts was highly heritable . Heritability estimates of the three cytokine ( IL4 , IL10 , IFNG ) levels were moderate to high after PMAIONO and CONA stimulations and weak to moderate after LPS stimulation . For those cytokines induced by CONA or LPS stimulation , confidence interval ( 95 CI ) for the heritabilities overlapped zero , except for IL4-CONA . IL2 production after PMAIONO , CONA and LPS stimulations gave high estimates of heritability significantly different from zero for IL2-PMAIONO and IL2-LPS . Proliferation measurements after various stimulations ( PROLIF-CONA , PROLIF-PMAIONO , PROLIF-LPS ) provided moderate estimates of heritability not significantly different from zero . Among the traits involved in humoralmediated adaptive immunity , heritabilities for total IgG and IgA antibody levels were higher than for total IgM and specific antibodies , and weak h 2 values were obtained for B lymphocyte count ( IgM + cells ) .

The cytokines IL1B , IL6 , IL8 , TNF and IL12 were quantified using commercial ELISA tests ( DuoSet ELISA development kits , R & D Systems , USA ) . For quantification of basal levels of cytokines in supernatants from mock-stimulated cells , the samples were not diluted for quantification . Supernatants collected from stimulated cells were diluted ( 1 : 22 for IL1B and IL8 , 1 : 1 for IL6 , 1 : 10 for TNF and 1 : 2 for IL12 ) . All samples were tested in duplicates . Absorbance was read at 450 nm using an ELISA plate reader ( MRX revelation , Dynex ) . Results were expressed as pg of cytokine / mL .

Heparinized blood samples ( 400 mL ) were fivefold diluted in 24 well plates in 1.6 mL RPMI 1640 medium ( BioWhittaker , Belgium ) supplemented with 10 % heat-inactivated fetal bovine serum ( QB perbio , UK ) , 2 mmol / L L-glutamine , 100 U / mL penicillin and 100 mg / mL streptomycin . For stimulation , a mixture of 10 ng / mL PMA ( Sigma , France ) , 1 mg / mL ionomycin ( Sigma , France ) and 1 mg / mL LPS from Escherichia coli O111 : B4 ( Sigma , France ) was added to the diluted blood . For mock stimulation , a volume of PBS equal to the volume of stimulation reagents was added to the diluted blood . After incubation at 37 uC for 24 h , culture supernatants were collected by centrifugation at 450 g for 20 min and stored at 220 uC before use .

Production and dosage of IL1B , IL6 , IL8 , TNFa and IL12

Hemograms were measured with an MS4-5 counter ( Eli-techGroup , France ) with blood sampled in EDTA tubes . Among a set of 18 traits , nine were included in the genetic analyses : total number of leukocytes , lymphocytes , monocytes , neutrophils , eosinophils , erythrocytes , platelets and hematocrit ( Tables 1 and 2 ) .

Blood collected in 10 mL tubes with no anti-coagulant was centrifuged at 3200 g for 15 min at 4 uC . The serum was collected and stored at 220 uC until use . Plasma was collected from blood sampled in heparinised tubes and stored at 220 uC before use .

Our experiment was conducted in accordance with the French national regulations for humane care and use of animals in research . No ethics approval was required for the vaccination and the collection of blood samples under the then current regulations . Experiments were performed under the individual license numbers 77 - 01 assigned to Marcel Bouffaud who was responsible for experiments in the test farm , and 78 - 16 assigned to a veterinarian , Dr Silvia Vincent-Naulleau . The experimentation agreement number for the test farm at le Rheu was A35-240-7 .

Overall , we show that variation in both innate and adaptive ITs is under substantial genetic control ( Figure 1 ; Tables 1 and 2 ) . Similar heritability estimates for innate and adaptive ITs and also between cell number and cell response parameters were observed . Further , heritability estimates do not differ consistently between in vivo and ex vivo measures with no apparent bias due to phenotyping methods . These data also suggest candidate ITs for QTL mapping . Indeed , mapping studies have already started for total leukocyte count ( [ 20 , 21 ] ; AnimalQTLdb , http://www.animalgenome.org/cgi-bin/QTLdb/index ) , mitogen-induced proliferation [ 20 ] , antibody response [ 20 , 22 ] , cytokine production ( IL2 , IL10 and IFNc ) [ 23 , 35 ] , complement activity [ 22 ] , and acute phase protein serum concentration [ 22 ] .

The unsupervised hierarchical clustering distinguished two main clusters of traits ( Figure 3 ) . The first cluster of 14 traits ( Cluster A ) could be divided into two groups : i ) a group of four traits including one innate immunity cytokine ( IFNA ) , two antibody levels ( total IgG and specific IgG-Mh ) , and one FACScharacterized leukocyte subpopulation ( CD16 + CD172A - ) and ii ) a group of 10 traits with nine hemogram-based cell counts or FACScharacterized leukocyte subpopulations ( WBC , LYM , MON , NEU , EOS , CD16 + MHCII + , CD16 + CD2 + , CD4 - CD8 + cells ) and two cell activity traits ( IgM and IL10-PMAIONO ) . The second cluster of 18 traits ( Cluster B ) is also subdivided into two groups of traits : i ) a group of three different cell response traits ( IL6 , IgA and IFNG-PMAIONO ) and one FACS-characterized leukocyte subpopulation ( IgM + cells ) , and ii ) a group of nine cell response traits ( IL12 , IL4-PMAIONO , IL2-PMAIONO , TNF , PROLIF-PMA , HAPT , CRP , IL1B , IL8 and PHAG ) and four FACS-characterized leukocyte subpopulations ( CD4 + CD8 - , CD4 + CD8 - , TCRcd + and MHCII + CD172A + cells ) . In cluster A , the first group of 10 traits showed moderately to highly positive genetic correlations with each other . Indeed , r  values greater than 0.4 were estimated between WBC , LYM , MON , NEU , EOS , CD4 - CD8 + and CD16 + CD2 + ( NK ) cells ( Figure 3 , Table S2 ) . In cluster B , r  values greater than 0.4 were estimated between i ) TNF , IL8 and PHAG , and ii ) CRP and HAPT ( Figure 3 , Table S2 ) . Strong negative r  values ( , 20.4 ) were found between a few traits from both clusters : i ) TNF and three cell number traits ( WBC , LYM , MON ) , ii ) IL6 and CD16 + MHCII + , and iii ) CRP and IgA .

Pairwise genetic correlations are presented in Table S2 and illustrated in Figure 3 . Genetic correlation estimates among most ITs were generally weak but a few high genetic correlations were observed . The number of positive genetic correlations ( 310 ) was higher than that of negative correlations ( 183 ) , as already observed for phenotypic correlations . Positive genetic correlations were higher ( in absolute values ) than negative ones ( Table S2 , Figures 3 and S1 ) . Only 28 ( 2.7 % of the total number of correlations ) and five r  ( 0.4 % of the total number of correlation estimates ) were higher than 0.4 or lower than -0.4 , respectively .

Increasing robustness by improving resistance / tolerance to pathogens is an important selection objective in most livestock species , particularly in pigs . In the past 30 years , selection for growth , carcass leanness , meat quality and prolificacy , combined with stringent sanitary rules , vaccination and use of antibiotics , has been highly effective in pigs [ 1 ] . Since the early 2000 's , prophylactic use of antibiotics as growth promoters has been forbidden by European legislation . As a result , the health status of numerous farms has deteriorated , leading to an increase in the therapeutic use of antibiotics . Indeed , animals highly selected for production traits may be more susceptible to pathogens or less able to maintain performance after infection . Deterioration of the global health status may also be due to environmental trends . In this context , including health traits in existing breeding schemes using direct and / or indirect strategies is an emerging trend in pig breeding . Direct strategies target animal resistance / tolerance to specific pathogens but may result in increased susceptibility to other diseases [ 2 , 3 ] . Alternatively , an indirect and putatively more global approach focuses on immune traits ( ITs ) providing a measure of immune capacity ( i.e. immunocompetence ) and hopefully predicting the responses to pathogens in general [ 4 ] .

Background : Increasing robustness via improvement of resistance to pathogens is a major selection objective in livestock breeding . As resistance traits are difficult or impossible to measure directly , potential indirect criteria are measures of immune traits ( ITs ) . Our underlying hypothesis is that levels of ITs with no focus on specific pathogens define an individual 's immunocompetence and thus predict response to pathogens in general . Since variation in ITs depends on genetic , environmental and probably epigenetic factors , our aim was to estimate the relative importance of genetics . In this report , we present a large genetic survey of innate and adaptive ITs in pig families bred in the same environment . / nMethodology / Principal Findings : Fifty four ITs were studied on 443 Large White pigs vaccinated against Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae and analyzed by combining a principal component analysis ( PCA ) and genetic parameter estimation . ITs include specific and non specific antibodies , seric inflammatory proteins , cell subsets by hemogram and flow cytometry , ex vivo production of cytokines ( IFNa , TNFa , IL6 , IL8 , IL12 , IFNc , IL2 , IL4 , IL10 ) , phagocytosis and lymphocyte proliferation . While six ITs had heritabilities that were weak or not significantly different from zero , 18 and 30 ITs had moderate ( 0.1 , h2 # 0.4 ) or high ( h2 . 0.4 ) heritability values , respectively . Phenotypic and genetic correlations between ITs were weak except for a few traits that mostly include cell subsets . PCA revealed no cluster of innate or adaptive ITs . / nConclusions / Significance : Our results demonstrate that variation in many innate and adaptive ITs is genetically controlled in swine , as already reported for a smaller number of traits by other laboratories . A limited redundancy of the traits was also observed confirming the high degree of complementarity between innate and adaptive ITs . Our data provide a genetic framework for choosing ITs to be included as selection criteria in multitrait selection programmes that aim to improve both production and health traits .

It is noteworthy that Payer 's patch tissue , which is the most essential factor for PrP Sc absorption , is mostly on the ileum in humans ; however , similar tissues are predominantly found in the whole intestine including mesentery in cattle [ 30 ] . Therefore , the EU defines the whole intestine as SRM , the evidence of which is verified annually [ 31 ] . Recently , Switzerland submitted a request ( EFSA-Q-2009-00226 ) to the European Food Safety Authority ( EFSA ) to reassess the use of bovine intestines for stuffing sausage . The request was declined , which demonstrates a careful approach to the consumption of bovine intestine by global organizations . Similarly , Koreans also need to take precautionary action in consuming bovine intestines .

Since such a small dose can cause the disease affecting both humans and animals and there is currently no cure , experiments on the PrP Sc agent transmissible to humans are supposed to be performed in Biosafety Level 3 in the same manner as biologically strong infectious agents ( e.g. , anthrax bacterium , Severe acute respiratory syndrome , and the West Nile virus ) . It is notable that in the study of pathogenic prions , the protein particles have been observed to have many different strains , which are under investigation [ 27 ] . In fact , the discovery of new strains is related to the species barrier and has many implications in disease control in relation to the adaptation and progression of TSE [ 28 ] .

When PrP C comes in contact with PrP Sc , PrP C changes into a thermodynamically stable PrP Sc via protein folding ; then , PrP Sc converts PrP C into another PrP Sc . After this process is repeated over time , PrP Sc accumulates in the body and results in induction of TSE [ 15 ] . Although it is not certain whether TSEs are caused by PrP Sc alone or by a complex reaction with PrP Sc and other factors , such as other proteins , nucleic acids , or pathogens [ 16 ] , it is certain that the main causative agent is PrP Sc . However , to explain the replication of PrP Sc within the body , two thermodynamically stable PrP Sc molecules must be separated and combined with other PrP C s . The animal 's genetic type and other additional factors should be considered in the process [ 17 ] . Therefore , scientists assume that the hypothetical macromoleculeddesignated protein Xdmay play a role in the conversion from PrP C to PrP Sc and continue to search for candidates . At present , dozens of proteins in the cytosol , plasma membrane , extracellular matrix , and lipid rafts are known to interact with PrP C and / or PrP Sc ; however , strong evidence for the identity of protein X has not been revealed yet [ 18 ] . Identifying the existence and role of protein X , prion diseases can be prevented and / or treated . Normal PrP C , which is encoded on the gene locus PRNP in the genome of hosts , is a glycoprotein found in neuron cell membranes in animals and humans . PrP C has a w40 % a-helical and w3 % b-sheet conformation , whereas PrP Sc has a w30 % a-helical and w40 % b-sheet conformation . The conformational transition from the helices and hydrophobic regions of PrP C is a major cause of the increase of b-sheet composition in PrP Sc ( Figure 1 ) [ 19 , 20 ] . Since the conformational alteration from PrP C to PrP Sc is not immunogenic , the immune system of the organism can hardly distinguish the normal protein structure from the infectious prion structure , except with respect to its stability [ 21 ] . Unlike bacteria or viruses , pathogenic PrP Sc can not be removed by regular alcohol or formalin sterilization processes , and can not be decomposed by proteolytic enzymes . Moreover , it is resistant to heat , ultraviolet rays , and chemicals . Under three times the atmospheric pressure the materials for prion should be sterilized for more than for over an hour with 2 % sodium hypochlorite and 2 N sodium hydroxide at 20 C , and equipment should be sterilized for more than 12 hours with the same solution . In laboratories , materials should be disinfected for more than 4.5 hours at 132 C or for 1 hour at 134e 138 C by steam sterilization under pressure . Because it responds well to alkaline conditions , highly concentrated sodium hydroxide or phenol is used to decontaminate PrP Sc [ 22 ] .

The occurrence of BSE or vCJD in any country is beyond a simple outbreak of an incurable disease ; it affects the economy , society , and the meat market due to changes in policies for exportation and importation . In these situations , scientists should provide accurate information to the public [ 70 ] . However , despite the guidelines suggested by the OIE , the fact that Canada , the USA , and the EU , which have had BSE outbreaks , have different countermeasures and policies indicates that science is not the only thing that needs to be considered in risk management of BSE .

However , authorized tests that use antigeneantibody reactions are good for highly concentrated specimens , such as the brain and spinal cord , since the amount detectable by ELISA-based procedures is so low that they can not be applied to actual blood specimens , through which the disease can be transmitted . Therefore , many scientific efforts have been made to overcome this shortcoming , such as protein misfolding cyclic amplification , which uses the replication of the conformation of a protein [ 65 ] , and real-time immuno-polymerase chain Formalin-fixed brain tissue Spongiform in brain tissue Immunohistochemistry

The standard diagnosis procedures for BSE suggested by the OIE include ELISA , Western blotting , and immunohistochemical methods to test brain tissues ( Table 4 ) . However , simple immunological tests to detect BSE can not distinguish PrP Sc from PrP C . Therefore , the target specimen should be processed by proteinase K ( PK ) first , and then the remaining PK-resistant prions such as PrP Sc are detected . For rapid testing , 15 rapid diagnosis kits are available ; the tests most frequently used around the world are shown in Table 5 .

Meanwhile , many studies have sought to identify the association between specific genotypes and the occurrence of the disease ; a correlation between vCJD and methionine homozygote ( MM type ) at codon 129 in the human prion suggests that the MM type is highly related and susceptible to prion infection [ 51 ] , and is clearly documented as a significant genetic risk factor [ 52 ] . A study on kuru among cannibal tribes shows that the incubation period of prion diseases differs among individuals based on genotype [ 53 ] . The MM type at codon 129 of the prion is most common in Korean people and has the shortest incubation period , with death following shortly after disease development ; the methionineevaline heterozygote ( MV type ) appears to be most resistant to the disease , and a case with 40 years of incubation has also been reported . At present , all vCJD patients in Europe ( including patients affected through transfusion [ 54 ] ) have the MM type except for one case [ 55 ] . Therefore , Aguzzi at University Hospital of Zurich in Switzerland warns that patients should be observed for at least 40 years since the number of patients with the MV type may increase in the future . The Spongiform Encephalopathy Advisory Committee appointed by ministers from the UK assumes that there may be 4000e 10000 infected persons with no symptoms in the UK ; however , valine homozygote- ( VV type ) or MVtype patients may die of different causes due to the long incubation period after they have been exposed to the pathogenic prion .

An endemic disease similar to CJD was found in cannibal tribes ( such as the Fore , Gimi , and Yate in Papua New Guinea ) who used to eat the dead bodies of their relatives as part of their rituals . This endemic disease , called kuru ( meaning " shiver " in Uruna or Guzigli , among other tribes ) , was first reported in 1957 . At that time , the cause could not be identified , so people assumed that the disease was caused by an unknown virus . However , ever since cannibalism was banned , the incidence of kuru decreased sharply .

Some older cows have an atypical form of BSE ( BASE ) , which differs from typical BSE with respect to its molecular and biochemical properties ; it appears to be a sporadic BSE , although more precise etiological studies need to be performed for confirmation . Recently , attention has been given to BASE [ 47e 49 ] because of its infectivity and relation to vCJD .

However , some BSE cases have been reported even after stricter surveillance was put in place , which means that the disease is not controllable by monitoring animal feed alone . Some scientific evidence is given regarding this : pathogenic prions from the feces of TSE-infected animal can be absorbed into the soil [ 43 , 44 ] , can combine with minerals in the soil , and can become stable [ 45 ] . Although BSE does not seem to be transmitted horizontally within species , such findings suggest that more precautionary actions and approaches should [ 46 ] . BSE-infected cows show the possibility of selfmutation of the BSE prion , since the prion gene that causes vCJD in humans , which had some mutations , was found in the brains of affected cows . This implies that a wide range of monitoring systems in DNA and / or protein levels is necessary in addition to a strict animal feed policy . Considering the transmission of BSE to humans , control SRM is the most important step to take . Based on recent findings on the relationship between SRM and the occurrence of the disease , the EU developed some guidelines in April 2008 for its member countries to follow regarding SRM . According to these guidelines , the tonsils , whole intestine , and mesenterium are all vulnerable to prions across all ages ; the brains , eyes , spinal cords , and skulls of cows that are older than 12 months are considered to be SRM .

Therefore , the EU places much emphasis on active monitoring and surveillance systems , such as total inspection , thorough removal of SRM ( where 99 % of the pathogenic prions exist ) , banning MBM , and monitoring animal feed . Through such actions , BSE has become manageable , but it is still not eradicated . The USA also started to emphasize the development of an effective animal-monitoring system over concerns for human health [ 42 ] .

At present , BSE is under surveillance by the OIE ; in Korea , it is classified as a second category of animal epidemics along with scrapie and CWD . BSE has no effect on the cattle younger than 7 months old ; by the time cows reach 24 months of age , there are many variant prions in the body . Most occurrences of BSE are in cows older than 36 months . Therefore , the OIE examines the occurrence of BSE in 24 - month-old cows .

As the PrP Sc - inducing disease in sheep and cows is also found in other animals , TSE can be considered an inclusive term for the disease . TSE is subdivided into BSE for bovines , vCJD for humans , scrapie for sheep , chronic wasting disease ( CWD ) for deer , and transmissible mink encephalopathy for mink ( Table 1 ) ; TSE is found in 26 species , including goats , cats , and wild ruminants [ 1 , 34 , 35 ] . It is noteworthy that prion diseases among sheep and deer can be transmitted horizontally by saliva , unlike BSE or vCJD [ 36 ] ; CWD can even be transmitted via aerosols , according to a recent animal experiment report [ 37 ] .

In the 1900s , farmers in the UK started to feed cows with internal organs or bones of sheep to benefit economically from the increase in milk and meat production . By the 1930s , other European countries and the United States ( USA ) had adopted this practice . Based on the findings of epidemiological studies on the origin of BSE , this later became the main cause of prion disease transmission from sheep to cows across the species barrier [ 33 ] .

Epstein-Barr virus ( EBV ) can infect both susceptible B lymphocytes and non-susceptible epithelial cells ( ECs ) . Viral tropism analyses have revealed two intriguing means of EBV infection , either by a receptor-mediated infection of B cells or by a cell-to-cell contact-mediated infection of non-susceptible ECs . Herein , we report a novel â € œin-cell infectionâ €  mechanism for EBV infection of non-susceptible ECs through the formation of cell-in-cell structures . Epithelial CNE-2 cells were invaded by EBV-infected Akata B cells to form cell-in-cell structures in vitro . Such unique cellular structures could be readily observed in the specimens of nasopharyngeal carcinoma . Importantly , the formation of cell-in-cell structures led to the autonomous activation of EBV within Akata cells and subsequent viral transmission to CNE-2 cells , as evidenced by the expression of viral genes and the presence of virion particles in CNE-2 cells . Significantly , EBV generated from in-cell infected ECs displayed altered tropism with higher infection efficacy to both B cells and ECs . In addition to CNE-2 tumor cells , cell-in-cell structure formation could also mediate EBV infection of NPEC1-Bmi1 cells , an immortalized nasopharyngeal epithelial cell line . Furthermore , efficient infection by this mechanism involved the activation of the PI3K / AKT signaling pathway . Thus , our study identified â € œin-cell infectionâ €  as a novel mechanism for EBV infection . Given the diversity of virus-infected cells and the prevalence of cell-in-cell structures during chronic infection , we speculate that â € œin-cell infectionâ €  is likely a general mechanism for EBV and other viruses to infect non-susceptible ECs .

The following antibodies were used : polyclonai rabbit anti-VSV glycoprotein ( G protein ; [ Roth and Compans , 1981 ] ) ; monoclonai mouse anti-VSV G protein ( clone I1 ; Le Franfois and Lyles , 1982 ) ; polyclonal rabbit anti-human milk gaiactosyltransferase ( GaiT ; Berger et al . , 1987 ) ; monoclonai mouse anti-58-kD protein ( Bloom and Brashear , 1989 ) ; monoclonai mouse anti- / ~ - COP ( ll0-kD protein ; Alan and Kreis , 1986 ) ; affinity purified second antibodies , including FITC-labeled and TRITC-labeled goat anti-rabbit IgG , and Texas red-labeled goat anti-mouse IgG ( Southern Biotechnologies , Birmingham , AL ) . For immunofluorescence , all antibodies were diluted into PBS containing 1 % BSA . Anti-58K was used in purified form at 10 / ~ g / ml . Other primary antibodies were in the form of polyclonal antisera and monoclonal ascites fluids . These were diluted 1 : 200 , except for anti-Gai T , which was used at a 1 : 50 dilution . Fluorescent second antibodies were used at 5 / ~ g / mi . Cells growing on No . 1 thickness coverslips were washed twice with PBS containing 1 mM MgC12 and 0.1 mM CaCI2 , and then were fixed with 3.7 % formaldehyde in 0.1 M phosphate buffer at pH 7.2 for 10 rain at room temperature . After fixation , the cells were rinsed once with DME and incubated with DME for 10 additional min to inactivate free aldehyde groups . The cells were then permeabilized by a 5 - rain incubation in methanol at -20 " C , after which they were subjected to the following successive incubations at room temperature : ( a ) 30 min in 1 % BSA in PBS ; ( b ) 45 rain ( for double labeling ) or 1 h ( for single labeling ) in primary antibodies ; ( c ) 3 x 5 ' each in 1 % BSA / PBS ; ( d ) 1 h in fluorescently labeled second antibodies ; ( e ) 3 x 10 ' in 1 % BSA / PBS . The coverslips were then mounted onto glass slides using Mowiol ( Polysciences Inc . , Warrington , PA ) . The specimens were viewed on a Zeiss Axiophot microscope using a 63 x planapo objecfive , and photographed on TMAX 3,200 film ( Eastman Kodak Corp . ; Rochester , NY ) , which was processed with TMAX developer for an effective film speed of E1 800 .

The identification of " mutant " cells containing a Golgi complex resistant to BFA could provide a means for identifying the hypothetical BFA target , and for determining whether the membrane redistribution observed in cells treated with the drug depends upon the imperfect operation of pathways normally active in the cell or upon novel pathways that are induced by BFA . In this report , we present evidence that the Golgi apparatus in the rat kangaroo kidney cell line , PtKI , is unaffected structurally or functionally by BFA . The resistance of PtK ~ cells to BFA can not be explained by an inability of the drug to enter the ceils , or by the sequestration or inactivation of BFA once it gains access to the cytoplasm . Instead , in PtKt cells the Golgi complex itself , or a compartment directly adjacent to the Golgi apparatus appears to contain a dominant , nondiffusible factor that confers resistance to BFA . This factor may represent a BFA-insensitive version of the molecule which serves as the target for BFA in other cell types .

The possible mechanisms of this resistance to BFA can be sorted into two categories , one of which is potentially importam for investigations of Golgi function and the other of which is inconsequential in that regard . In the latter group are the common mechanisms by which cells prevent the concentration of a drug from reaching levels sufficient to cause its usual effects . These include failing to import the drug , or actively exporting , sequestering , inactivating , or degrading it . In the former group are mechanisms that involve a specific molecular target of BFA or an immediate downstream effectot of that target , and could include the alteration or absence of either .

In the course of examining the effects of BFA on 58 K , a Figure 8 . The merged , BFAresistant Golgi complexes present in heterokaryons 2 h after fusion contain the CV-I form of galactosyltransferase ( GAL T ) . Unfused CV-1 ( A ) and PtKt ( B ) cells were stained with rabbit polyclonal anti-Gal T followed by TRITC-Iabeled goat anti-rabbit IgG . Note that anti-Gal T stained the Golgi apparatus in CV-I ceils , but PtKl cells were not immunoreactive . Heterokaryons were generated as in Figs . 5 - 7 , and cultured in the presence of 36 # M ( 10 / ~ g / ml ) BFA for 30 min beginning 1.5 h after fusion . The cells were then fixed , permeabilized , and stained for double immunofluorescence using mouse monoclonal anti-VSV G protein and rabbit polyclonal anti-Gal T followed by Texas red-labeled goat anti-mouse IgG ( C ) and FITC-labeled goat anti-rabbit IgG ( D ) . Note that the merged Golgi complex exhibited the PtK ~ phenotype of resistance to BFA , and contained the CV-1 form of Gal T . Bar , 10 ~ m .

Further insight into the mechanism for preventing Golgi proteins from escaping into the ER has been gained recently through studies of the fungal metabolite , brefeldin A ( BFA ) t . Treatment of cultured cells with BFA was found to cause resident Golgi proteins to redistribute into the ER by a mechanism that requires energy and intact microtubules ( Lippincott-Schwartz et al . , 1990 ) . Moreover , the application of BFA to cultured cells has provided evidence that the pathway for membrane flow between the ER and Golgi membrane contains the aforementioned ER recycling arm , which is otherwise difficult to detect ( Lippincott-Schwartz et al . , 1990 ) . Based on these and related findings ( Fujiwara et al . , 1988 ; Doms et al . , 1989 ; Ulmer and Palade , 1989 ; Lippincott-Schwartz et al . , 1990 ) , it has been proposed that BFA acts through a specific molecular target and directly inhibits only one aspect of membrane traffic ( Lippincott-Schwartz et al . , 1990 ) . If BFA does , indeed , inactivate a specific Golgi target that plays a critical role in maintaining the separate identity of Golgi membranes , then BFA-treated cells may be as useful for understanding the control of intracellular protein traffic in animal cells as mutant strains have been for unravelling the secretory pathway in yeast . As of now , however , the hypothesis that BFA acts directly on a single intracellular target and exerts a limited number of specific effects has been supported mainly by the observations that BFA does not alter cellular ATP levels , protein synthesis , or endocytosis , and affects cells at submicromolar concentrations ( Misumi et al . , 1986 ; Lippincott-Schwartz et al . , 1990 ) .

When MA104 or PtK1 cells were perforated and then incubated with either buffer plus cytosol , or buffer plus ATP and GTP , immunofluorescent staining of / S-COP was noticeably less intense than in intact cells ( data not shown ) . When the incubation solution was composed of cytosol and ATP plus GTP , though , staining of / ~ - COP was indistinguishable from that observed in intact cells ( Fig . 9 , A and B ) . Apparently , nucleoside triphosphate ( s ) , and one or more cytosolic factors are required to stabilize / S-COP on the Golgi membranes , so cytosol and both nucleotides were used for all subsequent experiments .

Several conclusions are warranted based on the results obtained with the fused cells . It seems clear that the BFA-resistant , Gal T-positive Golgi complexes found in cells > / 1.5 h after fusion represented a merger of Golgi components derived from both PtKl and CV-1 cells . Within such merged Golgi complexes , the PtK ~ phenotype of BFA resistance was dominant over the CV-1 cell phenotype of BFA sensitivity . 30 min after fusion , though , when the Golgi complexes in syncytia were still separate , heterokaryons contained both BFA-resistant and - sensitive Golgi apparatuses . These collective observations are not compatible with models stipulating that PtK ~ cells are unable to accumulate pharmacologically active BFA , or contain a cytosolic factor which abrogates the effects of the drug . Instead , the data indicate that PtK ~ cells contain a nondiffusible factor which is tightly associated with the Golgi complex or a nearby compartment , and which confers resistance to BFA . Fig . 5 , and the cultures were maintained in the presence of 36 / ~ M ( 10 / zg / ml ) BFA for the next 30 min . The cells were then fixed , permeabilized , and stained for double immunofluorescence using mouse monoclonal anti-58K and rabbit polyclonal anti-VSV G protein followed by Texas red-labeled goat anti-mouse IgG and FITC-labeled goat anti-rabbit IgG . Shown here are corresponding FITC ( A , C , and E ) and Texas red ( B , D , and F ) micrographs of three syncytia in which some , but not all nuclei were associated with a BFAresistant Golgi complex . Multinucleated cells such as these were beterokaryons , the nuclei close to BFA-resistant Golgi complexes ( arrowheads ) were of PtK ~ origin , and the nuclei that lacked an associated Golgi complex were derived from CV-I cells . Bar , 10 / zm .

The merged Golgi complexes present in heterokaryons that had been treated with BFA beginning 3 h after fusion clearly exhibited the BFA-resistant phenotype of the PtK ~ cells . An important point that remained to be clarified , though , was whether or not these same Golgi complexes also contained components derived from CV-1 cells . To address this issue , we used a polyclonal antibody that was made against human milk Gal T , and stains the Golgi complexes by immunofluorescence in CV-1 , but not PtK ~ cells ( Fig . 8 , A and B ) . Cultures that had been allowed to recover in normal pH medium for 1.5 h after fusion and were then treated with 36 # M ( 10 / zg / ml ) BFA for an additional 30 min were stained for double immtmofluorescence with anti-Gal T and a mAb specific for VSV G protein . As shown in C and D of Fig . 8 , the Golgi elements defined in these syncytia by anti-VSV G protein were also prominently labeled by the antibody to Gal 1 " . Identical staining patterns were observed in comparable cultures that had not been treated with BFA , indicating that incorporation of the CV-1 form of Gal T into the merged Golgi complex was not an adventitious result of exposure to the drug ( data not shown ) .

To examine the effects of BFA at a later time point , cells were fused , incubated for 3 h in normal pH media , and then exposed to BFA for 30 min . Immunofluorescence staining of these cultures with anti-58K and anti-VSV G protein revealed the presence of numerous syncytia characterized by one or two centrally located clusters of nuclei , each group of which was associated with a large , intact Golgi apparatus that was labeled by both antibodies ( Fig . 7 , A-D ) . Syncytia like these represented 22 % of the multinucleated cells , a value consistent with their identification as heterokaryons ( Table I ) . Multinucleated cells with these properties were also seen when the BFA incubation step was omitted , but were never observed in BFA-treated polykaryons formed by fusing virally infected CV-1 cells to uninfected monolayers of the same cell type ( Table I ) . Evidently , therefore , the process of cell fusion itself does not induce the resultant syncytia to be resistant to BFA .

§ Range for the ratio of PtlKi to CV-I nuclei .

Immunofluorescence microscopy of permeabilized cells was used to examine Golgi complexes in syncytia in the absence and presence of BFA at both short ( 30 rain ) and long ( I > 1.5 h ) intervals after fusion . BFA was used at 3.6 and 36 gM ( 1 and 10 gg / ml ) throughout this series of experiments . Results at the two concentrations were indistinguishable from one another , though only those obtained using the higher dosage are shown here ( Figs . 6 - 8 ) .

In the absence of the pH 5.5 wash , few multinucleated cells were observed . Within the mononucleate population , PtK ~ cells were unambiguously identified by their bright , perinuclear lysosomes visible in the FITC channel of the microscope , while CV-1 cells were clearly recognizable by their plasma membrane fluorescence in the Texas red channel ( Fig . 5 , D and F ) . When the pH 5.5 wash was omitted , ceils exhibiting fluorescence in both the FITC and Texas red channels were extremely rare , having represented < 2 % of the multinucleate cell population ( Table I ) . Under those condi-tions , therefore , most of the multinucleate cells represented polyploid cells that are normally found at low frequency in PtKt and CV-1 cultures .

The initial fusion experiments , which are described in this section , were aimed at quantitatively characterizing the composition of heterokaryons and the efficiency of their formation . To that end , we relied upon the use of fluorescent markers for each of the two cell types . Before fusion , the PtK ~ cells were cultured in the presence of 10 mg / ml FITCdextran ( average mol mt , 40,000 ) for 4 h , during which time the fluorescent compound entered the cells by fluid-phase endocytosis and became entrapped in lysosomes . The PtK ~ cells were then chased in the absence of FITC-dextran for 24 h , during which time the lysosomes containing FITCdextran collected in a perinuclear region . The SV-40-infected CV-1 cells were then added to the culture and allowed to attach overnight . At the end of this incubation period , the fusogenic pH 5.5 wash was administered to some cultures , but not to others , and the cultures were incubated for several more minutes . The cells were then fixed with formaldehyde without being permeabilized , incubated with a rabbit polyclonal antibody to the VSV G protein followed by a Texas red-labeled second antibody , and then examined by fluorescence microscopy .

Several mechanisms could have accounted for the resistance of the PtKt Golgi to BFA . For example , the cells may have failed to import BFA , they might have actively exported BFA before the drug exerted its effects , or they could have lowered the concentration of BFA in the cytoplasm by sequestering or degrading it . Alternatively , PtK ~ cells may have been resistant to BFA by one of several mechanisms that could be useful for investigating the molecular basis for the effects of the drug . For instance , perhaps PtKI cells lacked the target for BFA , possessed a BFA-insensitive version of the target , or contained a factor that somehow interfered with the action of BFA . To attempt to distinguish among these possibilities , PtK ~ cells were fused to CV-1 cells and the resulting heterokaryons were tested for resistance to BFA . The CV-1 cells used in these experiments were infected with a recombinant SV-40 vector containing the gene for the VSV G protein , which was known from earlier studies to act as a potent cell-cell fusogen below pH 6.0 ( White et al . , 1981 ; Rothman et al . , 1984 ) .

Secretion was investigated by exposing PtK ~ and CV-1 cells to radiolabeled amino acids for 10 min , chasing for 60 min with unlabeled amino acids , and then measuring TCA-precipitable counts in the tissue culture media . When BFA was of PtK ] and CV-1 cells were pulse labeled for 10 min at 37 ° C with 3 H-leucine or 35 S-methionine , and then chased with unlabeled amino acids for 1 h at 37 ° C or on ice . When BFA was used it was present throughout the entire pulse and chase period . After the chase , TCA-precipitable counts were measured in 75 - / zl aliquots of tissue culture media , duplicate samples of which were measured in all cases . Levels of protein secretion were determined by subtracting the TCA-precipitable counts produced by cultures that had been chased on ice ( background counts ) from the counts yielded by cultures that had been chased at 37 ° C , but were otherwise identical . Shown here are the normalized results from three sets of experiments , two of which used aH-leucine and the other of which was performed using 35 S-methionine . Percent secretion refers to counts secreted by cells cultured in the presence of 1.8 or 36 / zM ( 0.5 or 10 / zg / ml ) BFA compared to counts secreted by control cells . In 75 - # 1 aliquots of tissue culture medium , control CV-I ceils typically yielded ' ~ 25,000 cpm of background-corrected , secreted protein when 3 SS-methionine was used , and " , d , 000 cpm with 3 H-leucine . For control PtKt cells , the values were , ~ 12,000 cpm with 3 ~ S and , ~ 400 cpm with 3 H . As is evident in the graph shown here , BFA inhibited secretion in CV-1 cells by ' ~ 80 - 90 % , but the drug did not suppress secretion in PtK1 ceils . VSV , pulse labeled with 35 S-labeled methionine and cysteine , and chased with an excess of unlabeled amino acids . After each chase period , the cells were lysed and VSV G protein was immunoprecipitated and digested with endo H . When present , BFA was added to 36 ttM ( 10 # g / ml ) 30 min before the 35 S pulse began , and remained in the medium throughout the entire pulse and chase . Shown here are fluorographs of two SDS-polyacrylamide gels on which several such samples were analyzed . Note that in the absence of BFA and after a 15 - min chase , a portion of the VSV G protein in CV-1 cells resisted digestion by endo H , and that all VSV G protein gained resistance by 90 min of chase . When BFA was present , endo H resistance was not detected by 90 min of chase . In contrast , the VSV G protein in PtK ~ cells acquired partial and complete resistance to endo H by 15 and 90 min of chase , respectively , in either the absence or presence of BFA . This indicated that in PtK ~ cells BFA failed to inhibit Golgi-dependent conversion of the VSV G protein from a high mannose to a complex carbohydrate form . The numbers at the bottom of this figure refer to gel lanes , as mentioned in the text .

To determine whether the redistribution of 58 K and E-COP that was induced in CV-1 cells by BFA was also accompanied by dispersal of nonproteinaceous components of the Golgi complex , living cells were stained with C6-NBD-ceramide . This fluorescent sphingolipid is initially incorporated in the plasma membrane , mitochondria and ER , after which fluorescent metabolites of the compound accumulate predominantly in trans-Golgi stacks ( Lipsky and Pagano , 1985 ; Pagano et al . , 1989 ) . PtK ~ or CV-1 cells that had been la- beled with C6-NBD-ceramide were incubated for 30 min in the presence or absence of 36 # M ( 10 / zg / ml ) BFA . Then , the unfixed cells were examined and photographed using a light microscope and epifluorescence illumination . The resuits obtained using this approach were comparable to those acquired by immunofluorescence : the CV-1 Golgi complex nearly disappeared when BFA was present , whereas staining of the PtK ~ Golgi complex remained unaffected by the drug ( Fig . 2 ) .

To validate the results obtained with the cDNA microarrays , the differential expression of a wide set of cellular genes observed in cells infected with rSARS-CoV with or without the E gene was evaluated by qRT-PCR . 18 S ribosomal RNA ( rRNA ) was used in all cases to normalize the data because differences in levels of this RNA were always lower than 1.5 - fold and because the 18 S rRNA has also been used successfully in similar reports [ 62 , 63 ] . The patterns of differential gene expression obtained by qRT-PCR analysis were similar to those observed with the microarray data ( Figs . 3 and 6 ) , validating the results obtained with both techniques . Nevertheless , in the case of genes with large differences in expression between rSARS-CoV and rSARS-CoV-DE-infected cells determined using microarrays , changes were even larger when evaluated by qRT-PCR .

Nevertheless , it is worthy to mention that not all cellular stress genes were differentially expressed in cells infected with SARS-CoV lacking E protein versus those infected with rSARS-CoV . In fact , a set of genes coding for different isoforms of hsp40 , hsp70 , and hsp 90 , also modified their expression between 211.0 and and +4.0 - fold but to a similar extent in rSARS-CoV-DE and rSARS-CoV-infected cells when compared with mock infected ones ( Fig . S1 ) .

In Vivo experiments revealed that the biogenesis pathway that was responsible for svRNA-N 's synthesis was not dependent on Dicer or Drosha as the canonical biogenesis of miRNAs and svRNA-N were able to silence mRNA expression by targeting its 3 ' UTR . However , the mechanisms underlying infection or pathogenesis of both SARS-CoV-cpsR-19 and svRNA-N are still unknown .

Another previous study reported that another sRNA AGGAACUGGCCCAGAAGCUUC in the SARS-CoV genome , named small viral RNA-N ( svRNA-N ) , contributed to SARS-CoV pathogenesis [ 20 ] . SARS-CoV-cpsR-19 was detected in very low abundance using four runs of sRNA-seq data ( see Materials and Methods ) in this study but was not detected using the sRNA-seq data ( NCBI SRA : SRP094035 ) in that study [ 20 ] . One possible reason could be that SARS-CoV-cpsR-19 can form one hairpin and the T m ( melting temperature ) of this hairpin is about 20 " C . Therefore , most of SARS-CoV-cpsR-19 can not be ligated to adapters during the sRNA-seq library preparation process at room temperature ( ~ 20 " C ) . As the optimal secondary structure of svRNA-N ( Minimum Free Energy ( MFE ) =  1.7 ) is less stable than those of SARS-CoV-cpsR-19 ( MFE =  2.6 ) and all the other possible cpsRNAs ( Table 2 ) , svRNA-N is more easily captured during the sRNA-seq library preparation process . SARS-CoV-cpsR-19 induced cell apoptosis , whereas svRNA-N caused pulmonary inflammation .

from a complemented palindromic motif TCTTTAACAAGCTTGTTAAAGA ( DQ497008 : 25962 - 25983 ) is located in the ORF3b gene of the SARS-CoV MA15 genome . In one previous study , this 22 - nt palindromic DNA motif was studied using two mathematics models ( M0 and M1 ) to conclude that this motif was quite unlikely to occur by chance [ 19 ] . These authors found that the underrepresentation of length-four palindromes existed in all of the coronaviruses and the significant underrepresentation of length-six palindromes existed only in SARS but not in the other six coronaviruses . Then , they hypothesized that this avoidance of length-six palindromes in the SARS genome would offer a protective effect on the virus , making it comparatively more difficult to be destroyed by some host-defence mechanisms ( e.g. , restriction enzymes ) . In this study , we unexpectedly discovered cpsRNAs and reported that SARS-CoV-cpsR-19 could play a role in SARS-CoV infection or pathogenesis . We hypothesized that cpsRNAs , as a novel class of small RNAs , were produced by some host-defence mechanisms ( e.g. , ( E ) . The experimental results by qPCR assays were consistent with those using Annexin V / PI staining and detection . The primers of MDL1 were used to amplify both MDL1 and MDL1AS , as they are sense-antisense transcripts from the same loci [ 9 ] and are predicted to be markers which can indicate the activities of mitochondria and even the whole cells .

In this study , we compared the features of the siRNA duplexes that were induced by mammalian viruses with those that were induced by plant and invertebrate viruses . We found that the detected siRNA duplexes that were induced by mammalian viruses had significantly lower percentages of total sequenced reads than those that were induced by plant and invertebrate viruses , and it seemed that they were produced only from a few sites in the viral genomes . One possible reason could be that a large proportion of the sRNA-seq data is from other small RNA fragments , owing to the presence of a number of double-stranded RNA ( dsRNA ) - triggered nonspecific responses , such as type I interferon ( IFN ) synthesis [ 10 ] . Another possible reason could be that the missing siRNA duplexes or siRNA fragments function in cells by interacting with host RNAs or proteins . Based on this idea , we hypothesized that SARS-CoV-cpsR-19 or other cpsRNAs from SARS-CoV MA15 could play a role in SARS-CoV infection or pathogenesis .

Genes 2018 , 9 , x FOR PEER REVIEW 6 of 11 a clue to explain why the detected siRNA duplexes that were induced by mammalian viruses had significantly lower percentages of total sequenced reads than those that were induced by plant and invertebrate viruses , and could help to improve the virus detection of mammalian viruses .

In this study , we also found that DNA palindromes with sizes ranging from 14 to 31 nt and DNA complemented palindromes with sizes ranging from 14 to 53 nt existed ubiquitously in the animal virus genomes , however only a few of them were detected as transcribed or processed into psRNAs or cpsRNAs . For example , we only detected psRNAs from two ( CTACTGACCAGTCATC and AAGGTCTCCCTCTGGAA ) of 14 DNA palindromes and cpsRNA from two ( GCAAATTGCACAATTTGC and TCTTTAACAAGCTTGTTAAAGA ) of 29 DNA complemented palindromes ( Table 2 ) in the SARS-CoV genome ( GenBank : DQ497008 . 1 ) using four runs of sRNA-seq data ( see Materials and Methods ) . One possible reason could be that only a few of cpsRNAs had been ligated to adapters during the sRNA-seq library preparation process as they could form hairpins ( Figure 2 A ) at room temperature ( ~ 20 " C ) . From Table 2 , it can be seen that the T m ( melting temperature ) of cpsRNA hairpins in the SARS-CoV genome is distributed ranging from 14 " C to 26 " C . This finding provided a clue to explain why the detected siRNA duplexes that were induced by mammalian viruses had significantly lower percentages of total sequenced reads than those that were induced by plant and invertebrate viruses , and could help to improve the virus detection of mammalian viruses .

Palindromes have been discovered in the published genomes of most species and play important roles in biological processes . The well-known samples of DNA palindromes include restriction enzyme sites , methylation sites , and palindromic motifs in T cell receptors [ 16 ] . In this study , we classified DNA palindromes into DNA palindromes and DNA complemented palindromes , from which psRNAs and cpsRNAs could be produced , respectively . A DNA palindrome is classically defined as a nucleic acid sequence that is reverse complementary to itself , while small RNAs that are reverse complementary to themselves are defined as cpsRNAs in this study . Accordingly , a typical psRNA should have a sequence that is 100 % identical to its reverse sequence , however most psRNAs are semipalindromic or heteropalindromic , such as hsa-tiR-MDL1-16 AAAGACACCCCCCACA from a DNA palindrome AAAGACACCCCCCACAGTTT ( NC _ 012920 : 561 - 580 ) [ 9 ] . As a heteropalindromic psRNA , hsa-tiR-MDL1-16 is derived by cleavage after it starts transcription of the long heavy strand ( H-strand ) primary transcript at the position 561 of the human mitochondrial genome ( Figure 2 A ) . All cpsRNAs that are discovered from SARS-CoV MA15 are semipalindromic or heteropalindromic , such as SARS-CoV-cpsR-19 and SARS-CoV-cpsR-21 . Although SARS-CoV-cpsR-21 contains almost 100 % of the total nucleotides which contribute to the matches ( Figure 2 A ) , most cpsRNAs have mismatches or insertions / deletions ( InDels ) . One example is a new Epstein-Barr virus ( EBV ) microRNA precursor ( pre-miRNA ) with a length of 89 nt , as was reported in our previous study [ 6 ] . This pre-miRNA sequence contains only 87.64 % ( 78 / 89 ) of the total nucleotides which contribute to the matches .

Palindromic DNA motifs have been discovered in the published genomes of most species and play important roles in biological processes . The well-known samples of palindromic DNA motifs include restriction enzyme sites , methylation sites , and palindromic motifs in T cell receptors [ 16 ] . In this study , we classified palindromic DNA motifs into palindromic motifs and complemented palindromic motifs , from which psRNAs and cpsRNAs could transcribe , respectively . A palindromic DNA motif is classically defined as a nucleic acid sequence that is reverse complementary to itself , while small RNAs that are reverse complementary to themselves are defined as cpsRNAs in this study . Accordingly , a typical psRNA should have a sequence that is 100 % identical to its reverse sequence , however most psRNAs are semipalindromic or heteropalindromic , such as hsa-tiR-MDL1-16 AAAGACACCCCCCACA from a palindromic DNA motif AAAGACACCCCCCACAGTTT ( NC _ 012920 : 561 - 580 ) [ 9 ] . As a heteropalindromic psRNA , hsa-tiR-MDL1-16 is derived by cleavage after it starts transcription of the long heavy strand ( H-strand ) primary transcript at the position 561 of the human mitochondrial genome ( Figure 2 A ) . All cpsRNAs that are discovered from SARS-CoV MA15 are semipalindromic or heteropalindromic , such as SARS-CoV-cpsR-19 and SARS-CoV-cpsR-21 . Although SARS-CoV-cpsR-21 contains almost 100 % of the total nucleotides which contribute to the matches ( Figure 2 A ) , most cpsRNAs have mismatches or insertions / deletions ( InDels ) . One example is a new Epstein-Barr virus ( EBV ) microRNA precursor ( pre-miRNA ) with a length of 89 nt , as was reported in our previous study [ 6 ] . This pre-miRNA sequence contains only 87.64 % ( 78 / 89 ) of the total nucleotides which contribute to the matches .

( B ) . The read count of siRNA duplexes varies with the duplex length and the overhang length , using data from seven plant viral genomes [ 7 ] .

Small RNA sequencing ( small RNA-seq or sRNA-seq ) is used to obtain thousands of short RNA sequences with lengths that are usually less than 50 bp . With sRNA-seq , many novel non-coding RNAs ( ncRNAs ) have been discovered . For example , two featured series of ribosomal RNA ( rRNA ) - derived RNA fragments ( rRFs ) constitute a novel class of small RNAs [ 1 ] . Small RNA-seq has also been used for virus detection in plants [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] and invertebrates [ 5 ] . In 2016 , Wang et al . first used sRNA-seq data from the National Center for Biology Information Sequence Read Archive database ( NCBI SRA ) to show that sRNA-seq can be used to detect and identify human viruses [ 6 ] , however the detection results were not as robust as those of plant or invertebrate viruses . To improve virus detection in mammals , our strategy was to detect and compare featured RNA fragments in plants , invertebrates , and mammals using sRNA-seq data . In a previous study [ 7 ] , we detected siRNA duplexes that were induced by plant viruses and analyzed these small interfering RNA ( siRNA ) duplexes as an important class of featured RNA fragments . In this study , we aimed to investigate siRNA duplexes that were induced by invertebrate and mammalian viruses and unexpectedly discovered another important class of featured RNA fragments : complemented palindromic small RNAs ( cpsRNAs ) . Among all of the detected cpsRNAs , the first discovered cpsRNA , named SARS-CoV-cpsR-19 , from the severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus ( SARS-CoV ) strain MA15 merited further study , because mice infected with SARS-CoV MA15 died from an overwhelming viral infection with viral-mediated destruction of pneumocytes and ciliated epithelial cells [ 8 ] . SARS-CoV-cpsR-19 was detected from a DNA complemented palindrome TCTTTAACAAGCTTGTTAAAGA in the SARS-CoV genome . In our previous study of mitochondrial genomes , we reported palindromic small RNAs ( psRNAs ) for the first time [ 9 ] . Both of psRNAs and cpsRNAs could comprise a novel class of small RNAs due to their special sequence structures .

It is well documented that FMDV subverts the early immune response particularly by targeting innate immune mechanisms ( reviewed by Golde et al [ 23 ] ) . This occurs through inhibitory effects on cytokine-driven pathways resulting in impaired function of antigen presenting cells and their precursors ( reviewed by Grubman et al [ 24 ] ) . This ultimately could lead to suboptimal immune function favoring viral replication and delaying onset of specific adaptive Tcell response . Interferon ( IFN ) types I , II , and III have been demonstrated to impair FMDV replication in vitro and in vivo [ 25 ] . In order to successfully replicate , FMDV blocks expression of IFN and other IFN-stimulated genes ( ISGs ) [ 25 ] . However , in vivo replication will induce synthesis of substantial levels of INF I / III [ 26 ] [ 27 ] [ 28 ] [ 29 ] . Other cytokines including IP-10 , IL-2 , IL-4 , IL-10 , IL-12 , IL-15 and IL-18 have been shown to affect FMDV replication through dendritic cells ( DC ) activation and maturation and NK cell recruitment , proliferation and activation ( as reviewed by Toka et al [ 30 ] ) . Additionally , IL-1 , IL-6 , TNF- ± , IL-10 [ 31 ] and RANTES [ 32 ] have also been associated with playing a role in controlling FMDV replication and spread .

The current work has contributed to further defining the anatomical sites and host processes associated with persistence of FMDV in cattle . Trimodal detection of infectious FMDV , FMDV RNA , and viral antigen has confirmed the importance of the nasopharyngeal mucosal surfaces as sites of FMDV persistence . Although it is well-established that FMDV has immunomodulatory effects at various tissues at various stages of infection , precise understanding of these processes remains elusive . Through comparison of cytokine transcription levels in persistently infected tissues of FMDV-carrier cattle compared to controls , we have demonstrated a general trend of suppression of transcription of most genes examined including type I and II IFN and various interleukins . Although the effects were not statistically significant , there was an undeniable lack of immunostimulation which is often an expected result of a pathogen infection and has been previously reported for FMDV [ 26 ] [ 27 ] [ 28 ] [ 29 ] . Further elucidation of viral modulation of host factors associated with the carrier state will reveal mechanisms that may be targeted in order to prevent or cure FMDV persistence . Such efforts are currently underway in our laboratory .

Vero E6 cells grown to 90 % confluence in M24 multiwell plates were transfected with 1 mg of the plasmid pcDNA3 . 1 - E , or empty plasmid as control , using 1 mg of Lipofectamine 2000 ( Invitrogen ) according to the manufacturer 's instructions . After an incubation period of 5 h at 37 uC , the transfection media were replaced and cells were incubated at 37 uC for 24 h . Then , the cells were infected at an moi of 2 with RSV , Long strain [ 108 ] . RSV was provided by Dr . Blanca Garcia-Barreno ( National Institute of Microbiology , Madrid ) , and titrated on Hep-2 cells as previously described [ 109 ] . Total RNA from mock-infected or RSV-infected cultures was extracted at different times pi as described above and used to quantify the expression of the stress-response genes hspAA1 , UBB , hspH1 , SERPINH1 and hspE1 by qRT-PCR as described .

Vero E6 cells grown to 90 % confluence in M24 wells , were infected at an moi of 0.5 with rSARS-CoV-DE-P1 and - P16 and rSARS-CoV . Ninety min after infection , cells were transfected with 1 mg of the plasmid pcDNA3 . 1 - E expressing the SARS-CoV E protein [ 77 ] , or empty plasmid as control , using 1 mg of Lipofectamine 2000 ( Invitrogen ) according to manufacturer 's instructions . Total RNA from mock-infected or rSARS-CoVinfected cultures was extracted at different times pi as described above and used to quantify the expression of the stress-response genes hspA1A , hsp90AA1 , hspH1 , SERPINH1 and hspE1 by qRT-PCR as described .

For qRT-PCR of cellular genes , total RNA from Vero E6 , and MA-104-infected cells was extracted as described above . Reactions were performed at 37 uC for 2 h using a High Capacity cDNA transcription kit ( Applied Biosystems ) using 100 ng of total RNA and random hexamer oligonucleotides . Cellular gene expression was analyzed using TaqMan gene expression assays ( Applied Biosystems ) specific for human or monkey genes ( Table 1 ) . Data were acquired with an ABI PRISM 7000 sequence detection system ( Applied Biosystems ) and analyzed with ABI PRISM 7000 SDS version 1.0 software . Gene expression in rSARS-CoV-DE and rSARS-CoV-infected cells were compared . Alternatively , gene expression in rSARS-CoV-DE or SARS-CoV-infected cells was compared to mock-infected cells . Quantification was achieved using the 2 2 DDCt method , which is a convenient way to analyze relative changes in gene expression in qPCR experiments [ 107 ] . The data represent the average of three independent experiments .

Virus infection may result in the expression of stress proteins , like heat shock proteins ( hsps ) , glucose-regulated proteins ( GRPs ) and ubiquitin [ 29 ] . Some of these proteins are constitutively expressed , while others are induced by proteotoxic stresses such as protein overload , heat shock , hypoxia , ischemia , heavy metals , radiation , calcium increase , reactive oxygen species , and drugs , in addition to virus infection [ 30 ] . Stress proteins may act as molecular chaperones , participating in protein synthesis , folding , transport , cell viability [ 31 ] , and modulating the immune response [ 32 ] . Increasing evidence suggests that certain hsps play a role in both innate and adaptive immunity [ 32 , 33 ] . Hsps can act independently of chaperoned peptides to directly stimulate innate immune responses , such as the maturation and activation of dendritic cells , and the activation of natural killer cells ( reviewed in [ 33 ] ) .

Virus titrations were performed in Vero E6 cells following standard procedures using closed flasks or plates sealed in plastic bags , as previously described [ 26 ] .

African Green monkey kidney-derived Vero E6 cells were kindly provided by Eric Snijder ( Medical Center , University of Leiden , The Netherlands ) . African monkey kidney-derived MA-104 cells were kindly provided by J . Buesa ( Universidad de Valencia , Valencia , Spain ) . Human colon carcinoma-derived CaCo-2 cells were obtained from the European Collection of Cell Cultures ( EACC 86010202 ) . Human hepatocarcinoma-derived Huh7 cells were provided by R . Bartenschlager ( Department for Molecular Biology , University of Heidelberg , Germany ) . Rhesus monkey kidney-derived FRhK-4 cells were obtained from the American Type Culture Collection ( ATCC CRL-1688 ) . Porcine kidneyderived PK15 cells were provided by A . Carrascosa ( Centro de Biología Molecular , Madrid , Spain ) . Human hepatocarcinomaderived HepG2 cells were provided by M . Esteban ( Centro Nacional de Biotecnología , Madrid , Spain ) . Human kidneyderived 293 cells were obtained from the American Type Culture Collection ( ATCC CRL-1573 ) . The 293 - derived clone 293 T , which expresses the SV40 T antigen , was obtained from the American Type Culture Collection ( ATCC CRL-11268 ) . In all cases , cells were grown in Dulbecco 's modified Eagle 's medium ( GIBCO ) supplemented with 25 mM HEPES and 10 % fetal bovine serum ( Biowhittaker ) .

SARS-CoV is the most pathogenic human coronavirus known [ 70 ] . Besides pneumonia , SARS-CoV causes diarrhea [ 71 ] , lymphopenia [ 72 ] , haematological disorders [ 47 ] , pulmonary vasculitis , and thrombosis [ 73 , 74 ] . In previous reports , we showed that rSARS-CoV-DE was attenuated in hamsters and hACE2 transgenic mice [ 26 , 27 ] . The relevance of virus-host interaction in virus attenuation is high as differences in virulence are frequently due to differences in host responses , rather than to virus growth kinetics [ 75 , 76 ] .

Persistent or intense ER stress can trigger apoptosis [ 41 ] . To analyze whether SARS-CoV E protein modulated apoptosis induced by SARS-CoV infection , the induction of apoptosis was analyzed in cells infected with rSARS-CoV lacking or expressing E gene . Cells infected either with rSARS-CoV or rSARS-CoV-DE were simultaneously stained with propidium iodide ( PI ) and Annexin V , and monitored by flow cytometry . Mock infected cells remained viable ( Annexin V 2 , PI 2 ) throughout the experiment , indicating that the treatment did not induce apoptosis by itself ( Fig . 11 ) . rSARS-CoV induced low levels of apoptosis ( Annexin V + ) from 15 hpi , and a minor cell population in late apoptosis ( Annexin V + , PI + ) was evident from 24 hpi ( Fig . 11 ) . rSARS-CoV-DE triggered apoptosis more rapidly and to a greater extent than rSARS-CoV , with a 3 to 4 - fold increase in early apoptotic cells at 4 and 15 hpi , and a 4 and 5 - fold increase in late apoptotic cells between 15 and 24 hpi ( Fig . 11 ) .

To analyze whether E protein alone could reduce the cellular stress caused by another virus , the effect of SARS-CoV E protein on the stress induced by RSV was analyzed . Vero E6 cells were transfected with a plasmid encoding E protein or with empty plasmid as control . At 24 hours post-transfection ( hpt ) , Vero E6 cells were infected with RSV or left uninfected , and RNA was extracted at the indicated hpi . The expression of E protein in cells infected with RSV was confirmed by Western-blot analysis and the levels were similar to those of rSARS-CoV infected cells ( Fig . 8 A ) . In addition , no significant effect of E protein expression on RSV titers was detected . The expression of the stress response genes hsp90 AA1 , UBB , hspH1 , SERPINH1 and hsp10 E1 was analyzed in the presence or absence of SARS-CoV E protein by qRT-PCR ( Fig . 8 B ) . The expression of these stress response genes was significantly induced by RSV infection at almost all times ( Fig . 8 B ) . In the presence of E protein , the induction of these stress genes was significantly reduced ( Fig . 8 B ) in a specific manner as no significant differences were observed in the expression of polQ gene , irrespective of the presence or absence of E protein ( Fig . 8 B ) . These data indicated that SARS-CoV E protein alone reduced different types of stress , such as cytosolic ( genes hsp90 AA1 , UBB , hspH1 ) , ER ( gene SERPINH1 ) and mitochondrial stress ( gene hsp10 E1 ) , produced by infection with at least two different respiratory viruses ( SARS-CoV and RSV ) . upregulated more than 10 fold . Green color indicates genes upregulated between 5 and 10 fold , at least in one cell line . For those genes recognized with more than one probe , the value corresponding to the highest upregulation or downregulation is represented . doi : 10.137 1 / journal . ppat . 1002315 . g003 Coronavirus infection induces ER stress [ 64 ] due to the extensive use of intracellular membranes for the generation of replication complexes and for the assembly of virus particles [ 36 , 65 ] . In addition , viral glycoproteins can induce ER stress during infection as a result of incomplete glycosylation and incorrect folding or accumulation in the ER lumen [ 66 , 67 ] . Accordingly , we decided to focus our attention on ER stress . To determine whether E protein alone was responsible for the downregulation of the ER stress response , Vero E6 and MA-104 cells were transfected with a plasmid encoding SARS-CoV E protein or with empty plasmid as a control . At 24 hpt cell cultures were treated with thapsigargin and tunicamycin , which induce ER stress by altering intracellular Ca + + levels or by preventing protein glycosylation , respectively [ 68 ] , for 8 or 20 h , or left untreated . The levels of E protein were monitored by Western-blot analysis and were similar to E protein levels after SARS-CoV infection of Vero E6 ( Fig . 9 A ) or MA-104 cell ( data not shown ) . Total cellular RNAs were collected and the expression of the ER-stress inducible genes GRP78 and GRP94 was evaluated by qRT-PCR . The effect of E protein expression at the times post-induction when upregulation of these genes was highest is shown ( Fig . 9 B and C ) . Treatment with thapsigargin and tunicamycin clearly induced the expression of ER stress genes in Vero E6 and MA-104 cells transfected with the empty plasmid ( Fig . 9 B and C ) . The expression of GRP78 and GRP94 was significantly reduced in the presence of E protein ( Fig . 9 B and C ) . No decrease in the expression of polQ gene was observed in the presence of E gene , suggesting that the reduction in the expression of stress related genes was specific ( Fig . 9 B and C ) . These data indicated that E protein alone was sufficient to reduce cellular stress caused by different mechanisms .

To reinforce the conclusion that SARS-CoV E protein was responsible for the reduction of cellular stress , we transfected the E gene into rSARS-CoV-DE-infected cells together with controls . Vero E6 cells were infected with viruses lacking the E gene ( P1 and P16 ) or with virus expressing the E gene , and 90 min later , cells were transfected with the plasmid pcDNA3 . 1 - E , encoding the E protein , or with empty plasmid as a control . E protein was expressed in cells transfected with plasmids expressing this protein , although levels were 10 - fold lower than in SARS-CoV infected cells , as shown by Western-blot analysis ( Fig . 7 A ) . As an additional control , the effect of E protein expression on the replication of SARS-CoV with or without E gene was studied ( Fig . 7 B ) . E protein added in trans had no significant effect on rSARS-CoV-P16 or rSARS-CoV-DE titers , indicating that the absence of E protein in rSARS-CoV-DE , and not the amount of virus Only genes with a fold change higher than two or lower than minus two ( FDR , 0.01 ) were considered . - , indicates that the gene is not detected in the array or is not differentially expressed with a fold change higher than two or lower than minus two . Red color indicates genes produced , was responsible for the increase in cell stress response . The expression of stress genes hsp70 A1A , hsp90 AA1 , hspH1 , SERPINH1 , and hsp10 E1 in cells infected with rSARS-CoV-DE viruses ( P1 and P16 ) or rSARS-CoV , in the presence or absence of the transfected E gene , was analyzed by qRT-PCR ( Figs . 7 C and S4 ) . The expression of all analyzed stress-induced genes was clearly upregulated in cells infected with virus lacking E protein , compared to those infected with rSARS-CoV . When E protein was provided in trans , the expression of these genes in rSARS-CoV-DE-infected cells was clearly reduced . To analyze whether the decreased expression of stress-related genes in the presence of E protein was specific , the expression of the gene encoding DNA polymerase theta ( polQ ) was evaluated . No significant differences were observed in the expression of polQ , irrespective of the presence or absence of E protein ( Figs . 7 C and S4 ) , suggesting that the reduction of stress-related genes was specific . In addition , the expression of 18 S rRNA was analyzed as an endogenous control for the amount of RNA in all samples ( Figs . 7 C and S4 ) . These data indicated that E protein reduced the stress caused by SARS-CoV infection .

The result of double-immunofluorescent staining of caspase-3 and OMP revealed that 3 % of cells positive for OMP were also positive for cleaved caspase-3 , and that 30 % of cells positive for cleaved caspase-3 were also positive for OMP . These findings suggest that the cell death of ORNs induced by intranasal administration of Poly ( I : C ) occurred partly due to a caspase-3 mediated apoptotic process , but mostly due to other mechanisms such as necrosis . They also suggest that other cell types in the neuroepithelium , such as supporting cells and basal cells also underwent cell death through apoptotic processes . The pathophysiology of cell death in the olfactory mucosa has been investigated in a number of experimental studies , which have suggested that the mode of cell death varies depending on the etiology . For example , a study using transgenic mice which express TNF- ± in supporting cells under the control of doxycycline demonstrated that TNF- ± can cause the loss of mature ORNs and infiltration of inflammatory cells into the olfactory mucosa ( Lane et al . 2010 ) . In this model , supporting cells were retained despite extensive loss of mature ORNs , suggesting that apoptosis is the primary mode of ORN cell death . In another model , when mice were sensitized to intranasal Aspergillus fumigatus extract and subsequently challenged acutely or chronically with the allergen , the mice demonstrated elevated eosinophil infiltration and olfactory sensory neuron apoptosis . However , massive neuronal apoptosis without eosinophil infiltration also occurred in nonsensitized mice after a single dose of the extract ( Epstein et al . 2008 ) . This suggests that the fungal allergens could induce ORN apoptosis in both an eosinophilic inflammation-dependent way , and also in a direct toxicity way mediated through TLR2 or 4 , the latter of which may be similar to what we observed in our Poly ( I : C ) models . In a nasosinusitis model infected with Staphylococcus , single-strand DNA- , Bcl-2- , or Bax-positive apoptotic cells were detected in olfactory neuroepithelium , and , interestingly , the apoptosis of ORNs in the non-infected ( i.e. , contralateral ) side was also upregulated ( Ge et al . 2002 ) . The distribution of apoptotic cells was different between infected side and non-infected side , suggesting that the mechanism underlying ORN apoptosis is different . These findings altogether strongly suggest that there are multiple pathways to induce cell death of ORNs .

The neuroepithelial damage in the Sivelestat-Poly ( I : C ) group ( Fig . 14 a ) was less severe compared with that in the Saline-Poly ( I : C ) group ( Fig . 14 b ) : the number of OMP-positive ORNs was significantly greater in the Sivelestat-Poly ( I : C ) group than in the Saline-Poly ( I : C ) group ( Fig . 14 d ; p < 0.000 1 ) . In contrast , there was no significant difference between the Sivelestat-Saline group and the Sivelestat-Poly ( I : C ) group ( p > 0.05 ) . In addition , the number of Ki67-positive cells was significantly smaller in the Sivelestat-Poly ( I : C ) group than in the Saline-Poly ( I : C ) group ( Fig . 14e , p < 0.000 1 ) . Fig . 8 a , b Photomicrographs of olfactory mucosa of the control group ( a ) and the Poly ( I : C ) group ( b ) harvested at 3 days ( a , a2 , b , b2 ) and 9 days ( a3 , b3 ) after the administration of Poly ( I : C ) or saline , and stained with Alcian blue solution . In the control group , there was no obvious change between 3 and 9 days in the area of Alcian blue-positive mucus in Bowman 's glands ( a ) . In the Poly ( I : C ) group , the mucus in Bowman 's glands had decreased markedly in almost all regions of the left olfactory mucosa at 3 days ( b , b2 ) . At 9 days , the area of Alcian bluepositive mucus in Bowman 's glands appeared to have returned to normal ( b3 ) . c , d In quantitative comparisons , the area of Alcian blue-positive mucus at 3 days was significantly smaller in the Poly ( I : C ) group than in the control group ( c ) . At 9 days , there was no significant difference between the two groups ( d ) . Bars ( a , b ) 0.2 mm , ( a2 , a3 , b2 , b3 ) 50 1 ⁄ 4 m

We examined olfactory sensitivity in the mice using an olfactory habituation / dishabituation test before and 9 days after the administration of Poly ( I : C ) , the time at which the number of mature olfactory receptor neurons was the lowest . As the degeneration of olfactory neuroepithelium by Poly ( I : C ) was most severe in the area corresponding to zone IV in odorant receptor expression ( Ressler et al . 1993 ; Vassar et al . 1993 ; Nagao et al . 2002 ) , we used propyl propionate as a test odorant because it is considered to be predominantly perceived by zone IV ( a database of odor maps from the rat olfactory bulb is available at http://gara.bio.uci.edu/ ) .

In the control group , almost all Bowman 's glands were stained with Alcian blue at 3 days ( Fig . 8 a ) and there was no significant change between 3 and 9 days in the area of Alcian blue positivity ( Fig . 8 a2 , a3 ) . In the Poly ( I : C ) group , Alcian bluepositive mucus had increased in the nasal cavity and that in Bowman 's glands had decreased markedly in almost all regions of the left olfactory mucosa at 3 days ( Fig . 8 b , b2 ) . At 9 days , Alcian blue-positive mucus appeared to have returned to normal ( Fig . 8 b3 ) . The area of Alcian blue-positivity at 3 days was significantly smaller in the Poly ( I : C ) group than in the control group ( Fig . 8 c ; p < 0 . 0001 ) . At 9 days , there was no significant difference between the two groups ( Fig . 8 d ; p = 0.91 ) .

We next examined the cell dynamics of neuroepithelial cells by using immunohistochemistry for cleaved caspase-3 ( apoptotic cells ) , OMP ( mature ORNs ) , 2 IIIT ( immature ORNs ) and Ki67 ( proliferating basal cells ) . In the control group , there were no changes in the distribution of cells labeled for each antigen throughout the time points ( Fig . 5 a - a32 , c-c32 , e-e32 , g-g32 ) . In the Poly ( I : C ) group , the number of apoptotic cells positive for anti-cleaved caspase-3 antibody was slightly increased at 8 h ( Fig . 5 b ) , robust at 3 days ( Fig . 4 b2 ) , and had returned to control levels by 9 days ( Fig . 5 b3 ) .

In viral infections , host cells recognize viral components via Toll-like receptors ( TLRs ) , a family of innate immune receptors that recognize pathogen-associated molecular patterns ( Akira 2001 ) . Various viruses produce double-stranded ( ds ) RNAs during their replication cycle ( Jacobs and Langland 1996 ) , which are recognized by TLR3 . The stimulation of TLR3 causes the translocation of interferon regulatory factor-3 ( IRF-3 ) and nuclear factor ( NF ) - oB into the nucleus and the subsequent release of type I interferon and proinflammatory cytokines including TNF ± , IL-6 and IL-8 ( Alexopoulou et al . 2001 ; Matsukura et al . 2006 ) . These cytokines induce migration and activation of inflammatory cells . In general , immune system processes work to protect the host against pathogens , but excessive immune response might itself cause tissue damage . Primed neutrophils release various inflammatory mediators , such as neutrophil elastase ( NE ) and cathepsin G , into extracellular spaces , and NE in particular is thought to be mainly involved in tissue damage ( Janoff 1985 ; Inoue et al . 2006 ) .

The expression of TLR3 in the olfactory mucosa was examined using anti-TLR3 immunohistochemical staining . The expression of TLR3 was observed mainly in the apical part of the supporting cells and in the cytoplasm of acinar cells of Bowman 's glands ( Fig . 2 a ) .

In this study we modeled the manufacturing of Griffithsin through a contract manufacturing organization instead of a greenfield build of a new facility because we assumed that that would be the most prudent approach to launching a new product . If the product manufactured using the process modeled is used directly as a vaginal rinse or rectal enema , the additional costs post manufacturing would include transportation , storage , insurance , distribution , marketing , etc . , none of which were modeled in this manufacturer-level analysis . If the Drug Substance produced via the process analyzed is further formulated ( e.g. , as the API in gels , suppositories , or condom additives ) , or used as a component of another device ( e.g. , vaginal ring ) , those costs and other product-specific costs would be additive and were also excluded from our manufacturer-level analysis .

In the model , the upstream costs account for nearly 57 % of the total cost of Griffithsin production . Containing both upstream and downstream losses of the protein could significantly reduce COGS . Approximately 12 % of the protein API is non-liberated from the homogenized biomass ( reprocessing was not modeled ) and 18 % is lost during downstream polishing steps . Based on the data and assumptions employed in the current analysis , the unit production cost of Griffithsin is estimated to be $0.32 per dose ( 3 milligram ) .

Regardless of the trait for which heterogeneity is assumed , genetic heterogeneity has been defined in most models by a small number of homogeneous subgroups with different trait values . In genetic terms , this corresponds to a limited number of genetic loci controlling the epidemiological traits of interest . However , traits such as susceptibility and infectivity are complex quantitative traits and are thus likely to be affected by many genes and by the environment ( Hayes and Goddard 2001 ; Lohmueller et al . 2003 ; Hirschhorn and Daly 2005 ) . Hence , host variation is more realistically described by continuous distributions than by few homogeneous subgroups representing distinct genotypes .

Here we have assumed that individual variation occurs for one epidemiological parameter at a time . Although this approach allowed us to systematically examine the contributions of different sources of variation , in reality genetic variation is likely to occur simultaneously in a number of different epidemiological traits . We also carried out additional simulations assuming variation in more than one parameter at a time . The results are more difficult to interpret , but , in essence , symmetric variation with small dispersion in multiple parameters still led to subtle differences in model predictions between homogenous and heterogeneous populations , whereas high dispersion generally led to larger discrepancies between both types of populations .

For diseases where a significant fraction of the population become asymptomatic carriers of the infection , such as footrot in sheep ( Depiazzi et al . 1998 ) , a significant role in the persistence of the disease in the population has been attributed to these carriers ( Anderson and May 1991 ) . We found , however , that , for the specific set of parameters and distributions used , the presence of few individuals that become asymptomatic carriers over a considerably long time period ( i.e. , several months ) has no significant influence on the predicted epidemic outcomes .

at the time in question , where infected individuals are individuals of categories L , D , or C ) , providing thus predictions for the risk of disease establishment and persistence over the duration of at least 3 years . Second , we assessed disease prevalence patterns over time . Third , we recorded disease incidence , i.e. , the total number of new infections over the simulated time period , as a measure of disease severity . Finally , as the stochastic epidemiological model provides continuous information of the disease state of every individual over time , observable phenotypic infection characteristics , such as the frequency of infections ( i.e. , number of times that the individual moved from state S to L ) and the number of days that an individual was infected ( i.e. , spent in categories L , D , or C ) throughout the simulated 3 years , were calculated for each individual . These characteristics may constitute the estimated or observed phenotypes in genetic analyses of field data and hence form the bases of selection or management strategies . We therefore assessed how population averages and variances of these observable infection characteristics are affected by variations in epidemiological input parameters . The averages and variances were calculated as averages over all individuals , over all replicates avoiding stochastic extinction , and refer to the last year in the simulations , i.e. , when the system reached a steady state .

Footrot prevalence and severity are strongly dependent on environmental conditions affecting bacterial survival ( Abbot and Egerton 2003 ; Conington et al . , 2010 ) . Different environmental conditions were modeled using different values for the bacterial survival time T B ( Table 1 ) .

The model was parameterized for footrot in sheep , with Dichelobacter nodosus bacteria as the primary infectious agent ( Egerton 2000 ) . Various studies have demonstrated that the progress of infection follows that described by a compartmental SLDRCS model ( Sinclair 1957 ; Abott 2000 ) . In the benchmark model there was no variation between individuals in any of the host-specific epidemiological parameters ( T S , T L , T D , T C , T R , k D , and k C ) defined above . Parameter values for the benchmark model were adopted , where possible , from a recent deterministic epidemiological model of footrot ( Nieuwhof et al . 2009 ) , as listed in Table 1 .

cb ( x i ; 2 x ) is the " cross-basis " function of x i with the regression coefficient of 2 x and is used to model the effect of the daily reported case number in the space of reported number and lags . Within each space , natural cubic spline is used to get a flexible fit . Then , in order to get a better fit in the range of the reported number , the knots were placed at equally spaced percentile of the asymptotically Poisson distributed values of reported number . For the dimension of the lags , suggested by previous studies , we put the knots at equal intervals in the logarithmic scale of lags to allow more flexibility in the first part of the distributed lag curve , where more variability is expected [ 13 ] . The maximum lag L was set to 2 days .

The Chinese stock market is a new booming market with more individual customers but fewer institutional or professional investors compared to western contemporaries [ 10 ] . Hence , the behavior of the Chinese stock market is more likely to be reflective of individual decision making and thought processes . If we assume that any individual investor makes investment decisions based on their mood in a certain extent , and this mood is affected by events like infectious disease outbreaks , then we can assume that the Chinese stock market , given that investors are new and inexperienced with unrealistic expectations about stock market investments [ 11 ] , is likely to be more heavily impacted by changes in the mood because of the news . Thus , we can expect that news of an outbreak of a novel infectious disease like H7N9 , together with overly negative emphasis through government warnings or sensationalist news reporting will encourage people to form a negative belief before it can be testified , according to the psychology study . Our hypothesis is that following this initial negative stage , the market will then trend downwards according to the " Model of Herd Behavior " before recovering to the normal price according to the " return to the central " theory [ 12 ] , as people gain better information and normalize their opinion on the true effect of the outbreak .

The daily reported number of H7N9 cases was significantly associated with the opening and closing price of the Biomedicine Sector Index ( ANOVA F-test p-value 6.75 × 10  16 and < 2 × 10  16 ) . The predicted effect of daily reported cases on the log-transformed opening and closing price is shown in Figures 5 ( a ) , 5 ( b ) , 5 ( c ) and 5 ( d ) . For Figure 5 ( b ) and 5 ( d ) , we roughly observe that the Biomedicine Sector Index decreased with the increasing number of daily reported cases whenever they were less than forty , but with a decreasing decline as the number of reported cases rose to four .

Author Manuscript

Author Manuscript

From Figure 2 ( c ) , we roughly observe that , when the daily reported number of H7N9 cases was greater than ten and less than 40 , the Avian Influenza Sector Index increased although on a decreasing scale whenever the lag time of the reported number was within one day . Outside of a lag time of one day however , the sector index continued to increase at an increasing rate .

Objective-This study aims to discuss the correlation between daily reported H7N9 cases and stock price indices in China . / nFebruary 19 , 2013 and March 31 , 2014 were collected . A distributed lag non-linear model was used to describe the variation trend for the stock indices

The human papillomavirus ( HPV ) infects the basal cells of stratified epithelium , and virion replication depends on the infected basal cells progressing into differentiated squamous cells . HPV infects by reaching the lower layers of the stratified epithelium through micro-wounds in the tissue . There , the viral particles bind to heparin sulfate proteoglycan receptors localized either on the extracellular matrix of the basement membrane or the cell surface [ 22 , 23 ] . HPV particles are constituted by a naked nucleocapsid , and work done with pseudovirion particles has suggested that conformational changes in the nucleocapsid proteins L1 and L2 , that are induced upon binding of the virus to cell-surface proteoglycans , prime L2 for cleavage by extracellular or pericellular PCs at the Arg12 residue [ 24 ] . The cleavage of L2 modifies the conformation of the coat proteins and allows the virion to engage another receptor , and that leads to cell internalization and infection [ 25 , 26 ] . The inhibition of the target-cell PCs blocks HPV infection , but the treatment of the pseudovirion particles with furin beforehand bypasses the inhibition . In contrast , the cleavage of live native HPV16 virions by PCs occurs during virion morphogenesis , so infectivity becomes independent from the target-cell PCs [ 27 ] [ 28 ] [ 29 ] . Also , the proteolytic processing seems to be HPV-type dependent , as evidenced by the native HPV18 virions being poorly processed during morphogenesis , and their infectivity being mostly dependent on the PCs of the target cells [ 27 ] .

Kexin-like PCs are considered potential pharmacological targets for the treatment of viral infections by blocking virus maturation and infectivity . Other uses for the targeting of these PCs include the inhibition of the activation of bacterial toxins such as Shiga , anthrax , Clostridium , Pseudomonas , and diphtheria ; and also , for the treatment of degenerative diseases such as metastatic cancer , Alzheimer 's , and osteoarthritis [ 2 , 4 , 5 ] . The only known natural inhibitors of PCs are serpins , which are slow-binding type inhibitors that form covalently-linked inhibitory complexes with their target proteases [ 14 ] . Serpin B8 , currently the only PC inhibitory serpin identified in vertebrates , has higher specificity for furin than for PC4 / PC5 / PACE4 / PC7 [ 9 , 15 , 16 ] . More PC inhibitory serpins have been characterized in other organisms as well [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ] . A variety of synthetic PC inhibitors have been developed based on small molecules , peptides and their mimetic derivatives , and larger proteins [ 5 , 20 ] . However , the main obstacle for their therapeutic use has been their toxicity , and their lack of PC selectivity . An important research tool is the PC inhibitor ± 1 PDX , which is a derivative of the serpin ± 1 - antitrypsin with an engineered PC cleavage site motif at its reactive loop [ 21 ] . This engineered serpin inhibits all the Kexin-like PCs with the same specificity . More recently , we developed two ± 1 PDX-serpin B8 chimeras that selectively target each of the two PC specificity groups . One is ± 1 ORD that specifically inhibits furin , and the other is ± 1 MDW that specifically inhibits PC4 / PC5 / PACE4 / PC7 [ 8 , 9 ] .

SKI-1 inhibitors LCMV , LASV [ 89 , 90 ] Peptides and peptidomimetics CHIKV , SFV WNV , DENV H5 and H7 influenza [ 52 , 134 ]

Single-stranded negative-sense RNA viruses of the Filoviridae and Arenaviridae families and the new-order Bunyavirales are the causative agents of lethal hemorrhagic fever diseases . Despite the seriousness of the health threat these viruses represent , the information about the proteolytic regulation of their entry mechanism is scarce . The envelope glycoproteins of the Ebola ( EBOV ) and Marburg ( MBGV ) viruses are processed by furin into two disulfide-linked subunits [ 76 ] [ 77 ] [ 78 ] . Except for the Reston strain that has no PC cleavage site motifs , all other EBOV strains have one ; the Reston strain is less pathogenic than the other EBOV strains [ 76 ] . The glycoprotein of MBGV has two PC cleavage site motifs that do not agree in their amino acid sequence and position compared to the single PC site in the EBOV protein [ 78 ] . The cleavage by furin seems to be dispensable because the elimination of the PC site in the EBOV protein does not affect the virus replication in cultured cells or the disease progression in experimental animals [ 79 ] [ 80 ] [ 81 ] . EBOV requires further proteolytic processing of the glycoprotein binding domain by endosomal cathepsins in order to gain binding activity [ 82 ] [ 83 ] [ 84 ] . Filoviruses are different from other viruses in that they require additional factors or modifications of the glycoprotein in order to gain infectivity [ 85 , 86 ] . The Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever bunyavirus ( CCHFV ) glycoprotein is processed by furin and the proprotein convertase SKI-1 , a PC of the pyrolysin-like type and also known as S1P , which has a cleavage site specificity different from the polybasic specificity of the Kexin-like PCs [ 87 , 88 ] . The cleavage by furin is not essential , but inactivating the cleavage site slows down virus replication [ 89 , 90 ] . The lymphocytic choriomeningitis ( LCMV ) and the Lassa ( LASV ) arenaviruses are known to also require SKI-1 activity for the cleavage of their envelope glycoproteins [ 89 , 90 ] .

Medically relevant retroviruses of the Retroviridae family have also been studied concerning their proteolytic regulation . The most studied viruses are the bovine and murine leukemia viruses , which are related to the human T-lymphotropic viruses . Their envelope glycoproteins are cleaved by furin and other PCs [ 66 ] . Like the coronaviruses , leukemia virus glycoproteins are cleaved twice . PCs perform the first cleavage , which induces conformational changes and disulfide isomerizations that prime the protein for further proteolysis [ 67 , 68 ] . The second proteolytic event is performed by a viral protease that fully activates the glycoprotein [ 69 , 70 ] . The human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) Env glycoprotein gp160 precursor is cleaved by furin during biosynthesis into gp120 and gp41 in the trans-Golgi network ( Figure 2 ) . gp120 is further processed by furin into gp77 and gp53 after leaving the TGN [ 71 , 72 ] . The Env glycoprotein is the only antigenic HIV protein , and furin cleavage-independent forms stabilized in the native form have been produced for vaccine development purposes [ 73 ] . Interestingly , a polybasic region located upstream from the PC cleavage site at the gp120 / gp41 junction was shown to bind heparin and promote cleavage [ 74 ] . Figure 2 . X-ray crystal structure of the HIV-1 envelope pg160 glycoprotein monomer . The fusion machine is composed of three gp160 monomers which are divided into N-terminal gp120 ( green ) and C-terminal pg41 ( gray ) . Residue in red denotes the end of gp120 and residue in blue the beginning of gp41 after PC cleavage . PDB ID code 6 MTJ .

The family of coronaviruses includes viruses of relevance to human and veterinary health . Like other enveloped viruses that rely on surface glycoproteins for binding and fusion , coronaviruses have the Spike ( S ) protein , which is cleaved by proteases during virion biosynthesis , as well as during entry into target cells [ 53 ] . The proteolytic regulation of coronaviruses is probably one of the best-studied systems , and a complete picture of the regulatory system mechanism has been developed compared to other families of viruses that are less well-studied . The general principles of the proteolytic regulatory mechanism of coronaviruses based on the accumulated evidence include : ( 1 ) these viruses are regulated by a variety of proteases , ( 2 ) the protein S is cleaved sequentially at two cleavage sites , ( 3 ) viruses can quickly adapt to the proteolytic environment of the infected cells , and ( 4 ) the compatibility between the cleavage site-specificity and cell protease expression profile determines the cell and tissue tropism and pathogenicity of the virus .

Bacillus anthracis . Though infections are relatively rare , the prevalence of natural Bacillus anthracis in soil and its potential as a bioterrorist agent gives antianthrax vaccines some priority . Protective antigen ( PA ) , the only antigen used in Lactobacillus vaccinations , is well studied and has been tested in other vaccine systems with various degrees of success ( 67 ) . One of the earliest proof-of-concept Lactobacillus experiments involved dosing BALB / c mice with L . casei either orally or intranasally . That early study showed that the antibody responses against heterologous protein exceeded the antibody responses against the bacteria itself ( 68 ) . Ten years later , Mohamadzadeh et al . combined an L . acidophilus or L . gasseri strain with DC-pep , resulting in neutralizing antibodies and challenge survival in A / J mice ( 69 , 70 ) . That same group later observed colonic DC activation , Th17 and regulatory T cell ( Treg ) upregulation , and upregulation of pattern recognition receptor genes with a single vaccine dose ( 71 ) .

Escherichia coli . Enteric Escherichia coli bacteria are a major cause of diarrheal morbidity and mortality , particularly for children in developing countries . The most common antigens targeted for E . coli vaccination are fimbrial proteins , which are bacterial adhesins that aid in host cell binding . Most experiments mentioned here , except one , have targeted enterotoxigenic E . coli ( ETEC ) . A prolific group from China utilized several fimbrial protein antigens ( F41 , K99 , K88 ) over several years and in several models ( BALB / c , C57BL / 6 , BALB / c pups ) , all using L . casei . Among their many findings , an increase in levels of several subclasses of serum IgG ( IgG1 , IgG2a , IgG2b ) followed oral dosing , along with increased IL-4 levels and a lesser increase of IFN- % levels measured by CD4 é T cell enzyme-linked immunosorbent spot ( ELISPOT ) assays . Intestinal and bronchiolar IgA levels were increased , and challenge with standard ETEC resulted in protection of þ80 % of mice challenged with a lethal dose ( 72 ) . The studies were repeated using intranasal dosing , which resulted in decreased intestinal IgA levels but increased bronchiolar IgA levels compared to oral delivery ( 73 ) . Dosing in C57BL / 6 mice induced similar IgG and IgA responses , as well as T cell proliferation and challenge protection ( 74 ) . Challenge protection was conferred to mouse pups born to orally or intranasally immunized dams ( 75 ) . Wu and Chung targeted two enterotoxins ( ST and LT-B ) , rather than fimbrial proteins , with a secreted green fluorescent protein ( GFP ) / enterotoxin fusion protein . Similar increases in IgG and IgA levels were observed as well as challenge protection in a patent mouse gut assay ( 76 ) . Ferreira et al . were the only group to target enteropathogenic E . coli ( EPEC ) and attempted the only sublingual dosing regimen . Experiments using L . casei expressing a portion of bacterial $ - intimin ( a cell surface protein that aids in attachment to the host cell ) resulted in serum IgG and fecal IgA responses , though , interestingly , oral dosing did not generate an IgG response . Splenocytes also secreted elevated levels of IL-6 and IFN- % , though only the results from the sublingual vaccination were reported ( 77 ) . While Ferreira et al . performed their studies in C57BL / 6 mice , they used C3H / HePas mice as their challenge model , due to that strain 's susceptibility to Citrobacter rodentium , a commonly used strain that shares some pathology with EPEC ( 78 ) . Ferreira et al . observed an increase in survival time , though animals eventually succumbed to disease .

The main focus in these studies was to examine signalling events using virus particles that are capable of binding to the cell surface but are incapable of entry due to the absence of one of the three essential glycoproteins , gB , gD or gH [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ] , and to find whether signalling occurs at particle concentrations that would mirror physiological conditions .

Quiescent cells in vitro have very low levels expression of the transcription factor c-Myc . Its up-regulation is rapidly induced after mitogenic stimulation or the introduction of serum and increased expression of c-Myc is consistent with the advancement of cellular proliferation [ 41 ] . Control of myc transcription can be influenced by a number of pathways , including PI3K / Akt signalling , which was shown here to occur as a result of binding by gD . A central role for c-Myc in promoting cell-cycle progression is evident from the genes that it can up-regulate such as eIF2 [ 42 ] . Progression of the cell cycle depends on the additional activity of cyclin-dependent kinases . By interacting with the promoters for genes encoding cyclins and cyclin-dependent kinases , c-Myc can influence the advancement on the cell cycle into the G1 / S phase [ 43 ] .

The methodology used here required the serum-starvation of primary human fibroblasts for five days . In the absence of serum , primary fibroblasts rapidly enter a quiescent state . As a DNA virus that requires host nuclear factors to replicate its genome , it is therefore not surprising that HSV-1 would stimulate cells from a G0 state into one that would favour DNA replication and possibly promote the transcription of viral genes .

It is less apparent as to the biological relevance of an innate immune response stimulated through HSV-1 binding . It may be that there is a ' ' cost ' ' associated with altering the intracellular environment , which leads to the differential expression of cytokines , such as ccl2 , that are under similar transcriptional regulation as those host factors that are favourable for virus replication .

Aspects of the HSV-1 life cycle , such as stimulating the progression of the cell cycle in the absence of serum , may be sufficient to induce a stress response and trigger apoptosis . Both bcl2 ( Bcl-2 ) and bcl2l1 ( Bcl-xl ) belong to the Bcl-2 family of apoptosis regulators that provide cellular protection from a range of harmful stimuli such as cytokine deprivation , UV-and cirradiation [ 37 ] . Bcl-2 and Bcl-xl are found in the outer mitochondrial membrane and are thought to suppress apoptosis by blocking mitochondrial outer-membrane permeabilisation through the sequestration of pro-apoptotic Bcl2 family members [ 38 ] . Given the up-regulation of four anti-apoptotic genes , birc2 , birc3 , bcl2 and bcl2l1 , through the activation of multiple signalling pathways by entry-defective HSV-1 , this establishes a role for gD binding in shifting the intracellular environment towards a more anti-apoptotic stance . . Model for glycoprotein-receptor interactions in the induction of intracellular signalling pathways by HSV-1 . Glycoprotein D acts as the main signalling molecule on the surface of the HSV-1 envelope . gH interacts with a v b 3 integrins to potentially trigger the production of IFN-b , which is known to involve IRF-3 and 7 [ 48 ] . Binding by gD to HvEM may lead to the activation of TRAF molecules , which in turn stimulate the NF-kB signaling cascade . This pathway up-regulates a number of cellular genes in addition to augmenting early viral gene expression . NF-kBresponsive genes , birc2 and birc3 , have an anti-apoptotic role , but paradoxically , inflammatory mediators such as ccl2 are also up-regulated . gDinduced signalling of the Jak / Stat and Jak / Src pathways also results in the differential expression of genes associated with anti-apoptosis and inflammation . The up-regulation of c-Myc could lead to a corresponding increase in cdk2 , which has a role in promoting DNA replication and gene transcription during infection . It should be noted that most signalling cascades have been elucidated in non-fibroblast cells lines , so the role of specific kinases may vary in HFFs . doi : 10.137 1 / journal . pone . 0009560 . g003

HSV-1 , as well as beta-and gammaherpesviruses , are capable of stimulating the NF-kB pathway in a bi-phasic manner , with our data supporting that an early , transient induction is reliant on virions expressing gD [ 8 ] [ 32 ] [ 33 ] . Suppression of NF-kB activity is via negative feedback up-regulation of the inhibitor IkBa ( nfkbia ) , which was also stimulated by the binding of entry-defective HSV-1 virions . The triggering of early NF-kB transcriptional activity was most likely through the coupling of gD on entry-defective virions to the TNF superfamily receptor HvEM [ 1 ] . In doing so , not only does the initial activation of this pathway allow for the subsequent sequestration of the NF-kB p65 subunit to the ICP0 promoter , but is crucial for immediate-early gene transcription and subsequent HSV-1 replication [ 8 ] . Intracellular signalling induced by soluble gD can protect against Fas-mediated apoptosis with inhibition of NF-kB signalling leading to a loss of this protection [ 6 ] . Infection with UV-inactivated virions also led to an increase in the expression of the anti-apoptotic protein c-IAP2 ( birc3 ) , which we have demonstrated to be up-regulated after inoculation with entry-defective virions containing gD . Additional studies have supported the anti-apoptotic role for NF-kB during HSV-1 infection yet there are conflicting data that demonstrate possible pro-apoptotic activity [ 34 ] [ 35 ] . This inconsistency may be due to differing cell types used in those studies . Primary human foreskin fibroblasts have been shown to be resistant to apoptosis after infection with recombinant HSV-1 that is unable to express ICP4 or ICP27 whereas infection with either virus has been shown to cause apoptosis in transformed cell lines [ 36 ] .

Microarray experiments are inevitably vulnerable to false positives and negatives due to non-specific binding of labelled cDNA probes , necessitating a more robust follow-up with highly sensitive methods . Due to such confounders , these data were used exclusively as a guide to select , for real-time PCR , the transcriptional targets of intracellular signalling pathways stimulated after inoculation with entry-defective HSV-1 .

PLpro is responsible for the cleavages of N-terminus of the replicase poly-protein to release Nsp1 , Nsp2 and Nsp3 , which is essential for correcting virus replication 27 .

Analysis of therapeutic targets for SARS-CoV-2 and discovery of potential drugs by computational methods , Acta Pharmaceutica Sinica B , https://doi./nTwenty structures including 19 SARS-CoV-2 targets and 1 human target were built by homology modeling . Library of ZINC drug database , natural products , 78 anti-viral drugs were screened against these targets plus human ACE2 . This study provides drug repositioning candidates and targets for further in vitro and in vivo studies of SARS-CoV-2 . ( Mengzhu Zheng ) , xingzhouli@aliyun.com ( Xingzhou Li ) . These authors made equal contributions to this work . / nAbstract SARS-CoV-2 has caused tens of thousands of infections and more than one thousand deaths . There are currently no registered therapies for treating coronavirus infections . Because of time consuming process of new drug development , drug repositioning may be the only solution to the epidemic of sudden infectious diseases . We systematically analyzed all the proteins encoded by SARS-CoV-2 genes , compared them with proteins from other coronaviruses , predicted their structures , and built 19 structures that could be done by homology modeling . By performing target-based virtual ligand screening , a total of 21 targets ( including two human targets ) were screened against compound libraries including ZINC drug database and our own database of natural products . Structure and screening results of important targets such as 3 - chymotrypsin-like protease ( 3 CLpro ) , Spike , RNA-dependent RNA polymerase ( RdRp ) , and papain like protease ( PLpro ) were discussed in detail . In addition , a database of 78 commonly used anti-viral drugs including those currently on the market and undergoing clinical trials for SARS-CoV-2 was constructed . Possible targets of these compounds and potential drugs acting on a certain target were predicted . This study will provide new lead compounds and targets for further in vitro and in vivo studies of SARS-CoV-2 , new insights for those drugs currently ongoing clinical studies , and also possible new strategies for drug repositioning to treat SARS-CoV-2 infections .

In order to extend the application of the present study , a total of 113,228 compounds ( Sigma-AldrichH corporate chemical directory , Z272000 , 1997 ) [ 49 ] were used as the test set . Both the training set and test set compounds were stored as a SYBYL SLN list and converted to SYBYL mol2 format using Concord [ 51 ] .

With eight different scoring functions , Terp et al . docked a set of known inhibitors to three different matrix metalloproteases . They obtained scores analyzed using PCA and partial least-squares methods ( PLS ) [ 79 ] . The regression model they built has a good q 2 for predicting the activity of active compounds . The major difference between the present work and the work performed by Terp et al . is that we performed structure-based virtual screening on both active and inactive compounds . Terp et al . included only known inhibitors to quantitatively predict the binding affinity .

BACE-1 is one of the major Alzheimer 's disease target [ 38 , 39 , 40 ] . To find novel BACE-1 inhibitors , a lot of academic research centres and pharmaceutical industries are quite active in this field . Merck research group performed in vitro highthroughput screening ( HTS ) and found a single molecule ( a 1,3 , 5 trisubstituted benzene ) as a hit from a multi-million compound library [ 73 ] . Johnson and Johnson also reported a novel cyclic guanidine screening lead , the initial screening lead had an IC 50 value of 900 nM [ 45 ] . Astex Therapeutics has taken a fragment-based lead generation approach [ 74 ] . After the virtual screening of a fragment library , a small number of potential structures were soaked with BACE-1 crystals in anticipation of obtaining a co-crystal with the enzyme . Huang et al . performed in silico Screening of 180,000 small chemicals , they found 10 diacylurea inhibitors showed an IC 50 value lower than 100 mM in a enzymatic assay and four of them were cell penetrant ( EC 50 , 20 mM ) [ 75 ] .

To further investigate the validity of docking based virtual screening , after virtual screening of 113,228 compounds against BACE-1 by Surflex , we employed conventional consensus scoring and PCA scoring protocol to select compounds for experiment test against BACE-1 . Standing the view of economic point , the number of compounds to be tested in computational docking studies should be restricted in a smaller and reasonable range , therefore , we used several filters to the select the final compounds in Surflex _ score extracted pose for experiment .

The PCA can illustrate the relationship between the different compounds and the different scoring functions . The compounds can be plotted in the space defined by two PCs ( score plot , Figure 2 ) , which identifies active compounds as a function of inactive compounds . The values of the scores can be understood as the values of the compound in the new variable space , i.e. , the principal component space . In Figure 2 , active compounds are depicted as red circles , and inactive compounds are depicted as black squares . The results showed that most of the data were scattered along the PC1 axis . The scattering variation along the PC1 axis is larger than that along the PC2 axis , which corresponds to the values of eigenvalue and reflects the descriptive power of first two PCs scores .

Next , the docked compounds are re-scored and re-ranked using the PCscore scoring functions as mentioned above . The enrichment rates are also determined by noting the numbers of active compounds retrieved in the top 1 % of the ranked database ( Table 5 ) . When comparing the enrichment rates from PC1score to the results obtained from a single scoring function or conventional consensus scoring functions , PC1score exhibited better performance for the enrichment rates regardless of the scoring function employed to extract the compound pose . For example , PC1score yields 26 active compounds in the Surflex _ Score and PMF _ Score pose group , which outperforms both the single scoring function with 20 or less active compounds and the consensus scoring method with 24 active compounds . As indicated in Table 5 , application of PC1score results in more active compounds than the application of PC2score and PC3score for each of the five pose group due to the descriptiveness of the first principal component , which shares the maximum amount of the whole variance followed by the decreasing descriptiveness of the other PCs . We did not obtain any active compounds in the top 1 % of the ranked database using PC3score because the values of the eigenvalue of PC3 were , 1 .

Our results are in agreement with the previous study , which suggested that , in theory , combining multiple scoring functions should always provide improved performance over individual scoring functions in simulated virtual screening experiments [ 32 ] . According to the present results , we can not definitively conclude that more scoring functions result in a better performance . For example , application of double-scoring schemes ( e.g. , Surflex _ S-core & D _ Score ) could also obtain 24 hits in the top 1 % of the screening set , which is the same result obtained using the quadruple-scoring scheme . However , it is important to note that double-scoring schemes do not outperform the best individual scoring function in all cases . For example , Surflex _ Score & jain could obtain only 19 hits , which is slightly less than the 20 hits obtained from the single scoring function , jain . Therefore , it is largely unpredictable which combinations of scoring functions would produce the optimal results . In practice , it is better to test all possible combinations of scoring functions on the appropriate samples .

As depicted in Table 2 , moderate correlation was exhibited by Surflex _ Score and either the D _ Score or the G _ Score function ; between D _ Score and the ChemScore , LigScore1 , LigScore2 , PLP1 , or PLP2 function ; and between Jain and the LigScore1 , LigScore2 , or PLP2 function . This is consistent with virtually all of the scoring functions being designed to reflect the basic features in protein-ligand interactions including hydrogen bonds and hydrophobic contacts . Moreover , the binding scores computed by these scoring functions are all correlated , to some extent , to the known binding constants . Therefore , some intercorrelation between them is natural .

For the four scoring functions ( i.e. , Ligscore1 , Ligscore2 , PLP1 and PLP2 ) , Table 2 exhibited a high correlation between any two of them . The correlation was higher for LigScore and PLP ( R = 0.97 , 0.98 ) because they belong to the empirical scoring function category and the sum of the pairwise linear potentials between the ligand and the protein heavy atoms with parameters is dependent on the interaction type .

Prior to re-ranking the results from the virtual screening using consensus scoring and PCA , the intercorrelations between the scoring functions mentioned above were investigated . The original data of each scoring function were scaled to unit variance and centered . The correlations between the binding scores computed by the 12 scoring functions are summarized in Table 2 .

PMF _ Score also provided reliable poses that were ranked best by D _ Score . It yields 19 actives in the top 1 % of the ranked list . However , it failed to rank any sensible docking poses regardless of what poses were extracted by itself or by the other scoring functions . Thus , for the BACE-1 target , PMF _ Score appears to be more capable of accurately docking and correctly identifying the true binding mode , but the disadvantage of PMF _ Score is the enrichment of active compounds .

At the same time , D _ Score also performs well for ranking the docking poses . It retrieved 20 inhibitors with Surflex _ Score and 19 inhibitors with PMF _ Score pose extraction . This good performance can be attributed to D _ Score providing the most accurate approximation of the binding energy where both the electrostatic and hydrophobic contributions to the binding energy are counted . In addition , a distance-dependent dielectric attenuates the chargecharge , and other polar interactions were considered .

Upon docking 10,000 compounds of the training set with Surflex , every compound yields 30 poses in the active pocket of the target ( 1 W51 ) , and no solution was found on the outside of the active pocket . After docking , we used five scoring functions to extract the pose and twelve scoring functions to rank the extracted poses resulting in 60 different scoring combinations . The top 1 % of the ranked database was set as the threshold value , that is , the evaluation of the effectiveness of the scoring protocols involved numbering the actives for the top 100 candidates . The enrichment rates of the scoring protocols are presented in Table 1 .

The linear coefficient values ( loading values ) for w 11 , w 12 & w 18 were the elements of the first principal component eigenvector , e 1 .

Where the n terms , ZScore p , are the Z-scaled scoring function , and the coefficients , w ip , are the loading values ( i.e. , the elements of p principal component eigenvector e p ) . For example , for PC1score

In the present study , there were five extracted pose groups , and we used only eight scoring functions , which included LigScore1 , PLP1 , jain , Ludi _ 1 , D _ Score , G _ Score , ChemScore , and Sur-flex _ Score , to perform the PCA for each group ( The details are mentioned in the results section ) . Thus , for the training set , the eight scoring functions were used as the variables ( i.e. , columns of the matrix ) and 10000 compounds were arranged in the rows of the matrix . Then the 1000068 correlation matrix was established . Because the scoring functions in our test produce binding scores with different units and signs , the signs of the binding scores produced by LigScore1 , PLP1 , jain , Ludi _ 1 , D _ Score , G _ Score , and ChemScore were reversed to ensure that positive binding scores always indicated higher binding affinities . All of the binding scores were scaled to unit variance and centered . Thus , each column of data had an average of zero and a standard deviation of one .

Var ( X 1 ) z : : : zVar ( X p ) ~ l 1 zl 2 z : : : zl p ~ V ar ( PC 1 )

Thus , the principal components are uncorrelated , and their variances are equal to the eigenvalues of S .

We describe PCA mathematically as described below . Consider p random variables X 1 , X 2 , & , X p , the original system can be rotated to form a new coordinate . Let S be the covariance matrix associated with the random vector X9 = [ X 1 , X 2 , & , X p ] . The corresponding eigenvalue-eigenvector pairs are ( l 1 , e 1 ) , ( l 2 , e 2 ) , & , ( l p , e p ) , and the ith principal component is given by : PC i ~ e 0 i X ~ e i1 X 1 ze i2 X 2 z : : : ze ip X p , i ~ 1,2 , : : : , p ð1Þ

In this study , we adopted the ' ' rank-by-number ' ' strategy in the consensus scoring to combine the results of multiple scoring functions . The ' ' rank-by-number ' ' strategy was previously found to outperform the ' ' rank-by-rank ' ' and ' ' rank-by-vote ' ' strategy because it can summarize most of the information [ 32 ] . For the ' ' rank-by-number ' ' strategy , the consensus score of each binding pose is an average of the values determined by each of the individual scoring functions in a given consensus scoring scheme . With this strategy , a moderate number of scoring functions ( i.e. , three or four ) have been proposed to be sufficient for significantly improving the results . Therefore , we chose 4 of the 12 scoring functions ( D _ score , jain , and Ludi _ 1 , Surflex _ Score ) to perform consensus scoring in the present study .

One-day-old goslings ( Anser anser domesticus ) were obtained from a local hatchery . Birds were raised in negative pressured isolators with ad libitum access to feed and water . Three experiments were conducted to investigate the pathogenicity of the isolate . Animal infection experiments were approved by the China Agricultural University Animal Ethics Committee . Gosling experiment 1

To sequence the complete genome of the isolate , total RNA was extracted from the goose embryo allantoic fluids of the fourth passage using a viral RNA kit ( Omega , GA , USA ) and the cDNA was synthesized using a Reverse Transcription System ( Promega , WI , USA ) with random primers following the manufacturer 's instructions . Viral genomic fragments were amplified by PCR with primer sets designed against conserved regions of the AstV sequences retrieved from the GenBank database ( Table 2 ) . PCR products were purified using Gel Extraction Kit ( Omega , GA , USA ) and ligated into pEASY-Blunt Simple Cloning Vector ( TransGen Biotech , Beijing , China ) . The recombinant vector was transformed into competent Escherichia coli Trans-T1 ( TransGen Biotech , Beijing , China ) and transformants containing the PCR amplified fragment were selected by PCR following the manufacturer 's instruction . At least two representative transformants were subjected to bidirectional DNA sequencing using Applied Biosystems ABI3730 ( Shanghai Meiji Biological Medicine Technology Co . , Ltd . Shanghai , China ) . The 52 and 32 ends of the viral genome were amplified using the 52 / 32 RACE kit ( Clontech , CA , USA ) following the guidelines of the manufacturer . The initial complete genome was assembled and manually edited using the Software ContigExpress . Based on the initial genome sequence , additional primer pairs were designed ( Table S3 ) , and PCR amplicons were sequenced to determine the genome .

To determine the infectious titers of the 4 th and 9 th passage , the virus suspension was 10 - fold serially diluted with PBS and inoculated into 9 - day-old goose embryos via the chorioallantoic membrane route . The embryos were incubated for 7 days at 37 ° C and the mean embryo lethal dose ( ELD 50 ) of infectious virus was calculated using the Reed-Muench method 32 .

For bacteriological diagnosis , liver , and kidney samples from dead goslings were first inoculated onto tryptic soy agar plates ( BD Science , MD , USA ) containing 2 % fetal calf serum , and incubated at 37 ° C under an atmosphere with 5 % CO 2 for 48 h . Then the spleen , liver , and kidney tissue were pooled and tested for the presence of goose parvovirus 28 , goose hemorrhagic polyomavirus 29 , AstV 21 , reovirus 30 , and Tembusu virus 31 , respectively .

Infected goslings exhibited signs of depression from 3 dpi and this symptom persisted for 3 - 4 days . One bird died at 5 dpi and severe urate deposition , similar to that seen in the field cases , was evident on the surface of the heart , liver , and kidney ( Fig . 5 b ) . For the three infected goslings killed at 5 dpi , no evident gross lesion was noted in the visceral organs at postmortem . However , histologic examination revealed the presence of an eosinophilic proteinaceous substance in the renal tubules , and mild interstitial lymphocyte infiltration was noted in sample of two goslings ( 2 / 3 ) ( Fig . S1 ) . AstV RNA were detected in the collected tissues of three goslings ( Fig . S2 ) , indicating that the isolate has a wide tissue tropism after infection . All tissues from the uninfected birds were normal .

Dot signal intensities were analyzed using Two Way Analysis of Variance ( ANOVA ) with the Holm-Sidak method for pairwise multiple comparisons . A P d 0.05 was considered statistically significant . SigmaPlot version 10.0 . 1 was used for performing all statistical analyses ( Systat Software , Inc . , San Jose , CA ) .

This ability of anti-bird IgY secondary antibody to react with the antiglobulins of many bird species makes it a useful secondary antibody for assays that utilize long incubation periods ; the anti-bird IgY secondary antibody has been used in ABV testing using , Western blot analysis , microplate ELISA , and indirect immunofluorescence assays . 8 , 9 , [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ] In our Western blots , strong signals were obtained using the anti-bird IgY secondary antibody with the positive samples from Blue and gold macaw , Cockatiel , and Mallard ( Figure 1 ) , however when used in our dot-blot ELISA , the use of anti-bird IgY secondary antibody produced weak signals with Blue and gold macaw and Cockatiel positive plasma ( Figure 2 ) . The polyclonal nature of the anti-bird IgY antibodies make it an ideal secondary antibody for immunodiagnostic assays due to its ability to recognize multiple epitopes on the target antiglobulin and on the different species antiglobulins . However , the varying affinities of the polyclonal IgY antibodies can cause differences in the signal strength obtained from assays with long or short incubation times , such as seen between the Western blot and dot-blot ELISA , respectively , in our study . In the dot-blot ELISA , mainly high affinity secondary antibodies , which bind quickly and with a greater stability than lower affinity secondary antibodies , produce the signal . Additionally , the polyclonal nature of the anti-bird IgY secondary antibody produced a higher avidity in the dot-blot ELISAs for Monk parakeet and Mallard antiglobulins , as observed by the stronger dot visibility and signal intensity , than the avidity for Blue and gold macaw and Cockatiel antiglobulins ( Figure 2 ) . Exactly what factors were involved and how they differed was beyond the scope of this project , but the issue of reaction incubation time and its effect on avidity should be explored further if a dot-blot ELISA is to be optimized as a rapid , patient-side diagnostic assay . Background noise in all tests must also be considered . In this study , a faint signal was observed in the negative samples of Blue and gold macaw and Cockatiel samples when the anti-duck and anti-chicken IgY secondary antibodies were used in the Western blot and dot-blot ELISAs ; the signals of the corresponding negative samples were visibly similar to those of the positive samples ( Figures 1 and 2 ) . However , when analyzing the signal intensities of the dot-blot ELISA , there was no significant difference between the signal intensity of the negative and positive Blue and gold macaw or Cockatiel samples when anti-duck or anti-chicken IgY secondary antibody was used ( Table 1 ) . This background signal may have been due to cross-reactions with antibodies to E . coli antigens in the samples . Antibodies against E . coli are found in human serum and can cause background noise in serologic assays that use recombinant proteins . 31 , 32 Similar studies in birds show non-specific signals due to E . coli antibodies in plasma samples and to recombinant E . coli antigens in serologic tests . 33 , 34 Affinity purification of the His-tagged recombinant N-protein with the Ni-NTA Agarose column may not have removed all E . coli antigens from the recombinant E . coli / N-protein solution . E . coli proteins can have some histidine conformation or during the generation of the recombinant N-protein , some His-tagged E . coli proteins may have been generated with the insertion of the pET21a vector into the E . coli . Thus , some E . coli antigens may have been present in the PVDF membranes and the NC membrane strips of the Western blot and dot-blot ELISAs , respectively , and able to react with antibodies in the sample . To reduce non-specific signals and background noise in the assays , procedures that will absorb or neutralize E . coli antibodies in plasma samples or that will increase the purity of the recombinant N-protein antigen need to be investigated . However even without these additional procedures , the dotblot ELISA readily discriminated between ABV antibody positive and negative samples ( Figure 2 ) , especially in species most prone to natural infection . This suggests the possibility of developing a rapid , patient-side assay that will detect ABV antibodies in psittacine birds .

The dissimilar results obtained using anti-bird IgY secondary antibody in the Western blot and the dot-blot ELISAs may have been due to multiple factors , including ; antigen-antibody reactions , the species used to generate the anti-bird antibody and the different procedural methods of the assays . Many factors influence antigen-antibody reactions , such as pH , temperature , antibody and antigen concentration , and incubation time . 30 In this study , the Western blot procedure allowed for a longer duration of incubation for the antigen-antibody reactions between plasma IgY and the recombinant N-protein and between the anti-IgY secondary antibody and the plasma IgY . The commercially available anti-bird IgY secondary antibody was manufactured using White-crowned sparrow , Ringed turtle dove , domestic chicken , and Muscovy duck IgY and has been reported to react with dove , duck , sparrow , chicken , turkey , emu , ostrich , quail , macaw and cockatiel antiglobulins ( Product insert , Bird IgG-heavy and light chain Antibody , Bethyl Laboratories ) .

Polyclonal IgG rabbit anti-chicken IgY-H + L ( anti-chicken IgY secondary antibody ) , conjugated with alkaline phosphatase ,

For Mallard samples , the mean dot signal intensity obtained using positive Mallard plasma was significantly different ( P < 0.05 ) between all the secondary antibodies ; the anti-duck IgY secondary antibody generated the greatest signal intensity value of 18,098 , while the anti-macaw IgY secondary antibody generated the least signal intensity value of 561 . The signal intensity of the positive plasma dot was significantly greater ( P < 0.05 ) than that of the negative plasma dot when using anti-bird , anti-chicken , and anti-duck IgY secondary antibodies . The signal intensity value did not differ significantly between the positive and negative samples , 561 and 297 , respectively , when using anti-macaw IgY secondary antibodies .

For Cockatiel samples , the mean signal intensity of 21,032 was obtained for positive Cockatiel plasma tested using the anti-macaw IgY secondary antibody was significantly greater ( P < 0.05 ) than the signal intensity obtained when using any of the other three secondary antibodies . The signal intensity of the positive plasma dots obtained for positive Cockatiel plasma was significantly greater ( P < 0.05 ) than that obtained for negative Cockatiel plasma when using anti-macaw or anti-bird IgY secondary antibody . The signal intensity values did not significantly differ between the positive and negative samples when anti-chicken or anti-duck IgY secondary antibodies were used . For Monk parakeet samples , the mean signal intensity of 17,785 obtained for the positive plasma tested using anti-macaw IgY secondary antibody was significantly greater ( P < 0.05 ) than the signal intensity when the other three secondary antibodies were used . The signal intensity of the positive plasma was significantly greater ( P < 0.05 ) than that of the negative plasma when using anti-macaw or anti-bird IgY secondary antibody . The signal intensity values did not differ significantly between the positive and negative samples when anti-chicken or anti-duck IgY secondary antibodies were used .

A representation of the dot-blot ELISA signals , the ImageJ graphic results , and the signal intensity values generated for the dot are shown in Figure 3 . Signal intensities of the dotblot ELISA using different secondary antibodies within each bird species sampled are shown in Table 1 . For Blue and gold macaw plasma samples , the mean signal intensity of 19,461 obtained for the positive Blue and gold macaw plasma tested using anti-macaw IgY secondary antibody was significantly greater ( P < 0.05 ) than the signal intensity obtained when using any of the other three secondary antibodies . The signal intensity of the dots obtained for positive Blue and gold macaw plasma was significantly greater ( P < 0.05 ) than that obtained for negative Blue and gold macaw plasma when using anti-macaw IgY secondary antibody . The signal intensity values obtained for the positive Blue and gold macaw samples did not differ significantly from the negative Blue and gold macaw samples when anti-bird , anti-chicken , or anti-duck IgY secondary antibodies were used .

A weak signal was detected when anti-chicken IgY secondary antibody was used with positive Blue and gold macaw , positive Cockatiel , and positive Mallard plasma . No signal was detected for ABV antibodies with negative plasma nor with positive Monk parakeet plasma when using anti-chicken IgY secondary antibody .

When anti-bird IgY secondary antibody was used , a weak signal was detected for ABV antibodies with positive Blue and gold macaw , Cockatiel , and Monk parakeet plasma . A good signal was detected for ABV antibodies with positive Mallard plasma when using anti-bird IgY secondary antibody . No signal was detected in any of the negative plasma samples when using anti-bird secondary antibody .

Purpose : This study evaluated the specificity of different avian secondary antibodies used in Western blot and dot-blot ELISA to detect avian bornavirus antibodies in bird plasma . Methods : Plasma samples were collected from : two Blue and gold macaws , one positive and one negative for avian bornavirus by RT-PCR ; a Cockatiel and a Monk parakeet prior to and following experimental infection ; and , two Mallards , one positive and one negative for avian bornavirus by RT-PCR Samples were analyzed by Western blot and dot-blot ELISA that incorporated recombinant avian bornavirus nucleoprotein as the target analyte . Four species-specific anti-IgY secondary antibodies were used in the assays : goat anti-macaw IgY , goat anti-bird IgY , goat anti-duck IgY , and rabbit anti-chicken IgY . Results : In the Western blot , anti-macaw IgY secondary antibody produced strong signals with Blue and gold macaw and Cockatiel positive plasma , but no signal with Mallard positive plasma . Anti-bird IgY secondary antibody produced strong signals with Blue and gold macaw , Cockatiel , and Mallard positive plasma . Anti-duck and anti-chicken IgY secondary antibody produced a strong and moderate signal , respectively , only with Mallard positive plasma . In the dot-blot ELISA , there was a distinct and significant difference ( P < 0.05 ) in the signal intensity between the different secondary antibodies within a bird species . Anti-macaw IgY secondary antibody produced significantly ( P < 0.05 ) stronger signals than the other secondary antibodies in Blue and gold macaw , Cockatiel , and Monk parakeet positive plasma , while anti-duck IgY secondary antibody produced significantly ( P < 0.05 ) stronger signals than the other secondary antibodies in Mallard positive plasma . Conclusion : In testing psittacines with immunoassays , and especially in assays that incorporate short incubation reaction times such as a dot-blot ELISA , species-specific anti-IgY secondary antibodies provided more accurate results .

Google searches identified many prominent organizations that support One Health , including : WHO , FAO , OIE , CDC , AVMA , AMA , One Health Initiative movement , One Health Sweden , World Veterinary Association , One Health Global Network , One Health Commission , One Health Alliance of South Asia , One World-One Health effort , Ecological Society of America , and the World Bank . The OIE , as a One Health advocate , is the largetst contributor , with 30 articles in Scientific and Technical Review of the Journal OIE . Some universities which support or offer programs in the area of One

The prevention of zoonoses that impact public health and animal health requires a sustained collaboration among the stakeholders to promote the One Health approach . Even though One Health has multiple definitions accorded to it by its various advocates , the common theme that has emerged is collaboration across sectors . 20 The development of Rift Valley fever vaccine by the CDC is one of the noteworthy successes of One Health 's collaborative action . 21 Such collaboration needs to expand to developing countries at all levels of health care delivery , risk communication , and research .

Africa . 7 Outbreaks of these diseases have augmented public awareness of the links between wild animals , livestock production , and global public health . 8 The One Health concept , which originates from ancient civilizations , gained substantial acceptance in the 19 th century through infectious disease research 9 and comparative medicine . 10 Evolution of the terms related to One Health is summarized in Table 1 . In the 19 th century , Robert Virchow coined the term " zoonosis " to describe pathogens that are naturally transmitted between vertebrate animals and humans . 11 Virchow 's contemporary , Sir William Osler , was the first to use the term " one medicine . " 9 Later , during the 20 th century , Calvin Schwabe revived the concept of " one medicine . " 10 A few years ago , the term " One Health " emerged from the joint efforts of American Veterinary Medical Association ( AVMA ) and American Medical Association ( AMA ) . By definition , One Health is based on a systems approach , which includes disciplines of human medicine , veterinary medicine , and other related scientific health disciplines , working locally , nationally , and globally , to attain optimal health for people , animals , and our environment . 12 Currently , One Health aims to develop the capacity and infrastructure to prevent and respond to the rapidly expanding zoonoses through research that is not only focused on the disease but also on the promotion of health at the individual , population , and ecosystem levels . 13 Table 1 : Evolution of the term One Health


( 1 ) Some cellular E3 ubiquitin ligases recognize viral proteins and induce their ubiquitination , which can have a positive effect on viral replication . For instance , ubiquitination of the p6 domain of the HIV-1 Gag polyprotein is important for the interaction of p6 with the ESCRT machinery . However , the mono-ubiquitination of lysine residues within the p6 domain ( K27 and K33 ) does not seem to be sufficient to facilitate budding of new virions , the latter being also dependent on the cumulative ubiquitination of NC-p2 ( NucleoCapsid-peptide 2 ) domain [ 21 ] [ 22 ] [ 23 ] [ 24 ] . Ubiquitination of the HIV-1 accessory protein Tat by cellular E3 ligases stimulates transcription of viral RNA [ 25 , 26 ] . ( 2 ) Ubiquitination of viral proteins can also induce their degradation , thereby blocking the viral life cycle . This is a strategy used by certain restriction factors . The polymerase PB1 ( Protein Binding 1 ) of the Influenza A virus ( IAV ) for example is ubiquitinated ( K48-linked ubiquitin ) by the cellular E3 ubiquitin ligase TRIM32 ( TRIpartite Motif-containing protein 32 ) , followed by its degradation by the proteasome [ 27 ] . This seems to be a general mechanism as PB1 proteins derived from various IAV serotypes ( H1N1 ( Hemagglutinin 1 Neuraminidase 1 ) , H3N2 , H5N1 or H7N9 ) associate with TRIM32 in multiple cell types and this suggests that PB1 has not yet adapted to avoid TRIM32 targeting [ 28 ] . The Human herpesvirus type I ( HSV-1 ) capsid protein Vp5 has also been shown to be degraded by the ubiquitin proteasome system , leaving the viral genome exposed to innate immune sensors [ 29 ] . Interestingly , TRIM5 ± was reported to inhibit HSV-1 and -2 replication at an early stage of the infection cycle [ 30 ] , suggesting a role for this or related protein in cytosolic sensing of herpesvirus capsids . ( 3 ) Certain viruses have evolved to recruit the cellular E3 ligases to induce the degradation of cellular proteins that might have harmful effects on the viral life cycle . For instance , the protein E6 of Human papillomavirus ( HPV ) recruits the cellular E3 ubiquitin ligase E6-AP to induce ubiquitination and degradation of p53 , thereby allowing viral replication [ 31 , 32 ] . The NSP1 ( Non-Structural RNA binding protein 1 ) protein of Rotaviruses subverts the Skp1-Cul1-Fbox ( SCF ) E3 ligase to induce the ubiquitination and degradation of 2 - TrCP ( 2 - Transducin repeat Containing Protein ) . 2 - TrCP is by itself a substrate adaptor of an E3 ligase and its degradation leads to accumulation of the NF-oB inhibitor IoB , resulting in inhibition of the NF-oB induced antiviral responses [ 33 , 34 ] . These mechanisms are important for HIV replication and will be detailed in Section 5 . ( 4 ) Other viruses directly encode their own E3 ligases . Kaposi sarcoma herpesvirus ( KSHV ) protein K3 and K5 ( RING-CH family of ligases ) ubiquitinate MHC-I ( Major Histocompatibility Complex I ) , resulting in its down-regulation from the cell surface through a clathrin-dependent sorting pathway to an endolysosomal compartment [ 35 , 36 ] . This endolysosomal sorting requires K63-linked instead of K48-linked polyubiquitin chains [ 19 ] . Another well-known example is the ICP0 protein ( Infected Cell Protein 0 ) of HSV-1 , an E3 ubiquitin ligase which induces the degradation of the ND10 ( Nuclear Domain 10 ) nuclear body components PML ( Promyelocytic Leukemia Protein ) and Sp100 through the UPS , thereby avoiding antiviral sensing [ 37 , 38 ] . ICP0 has also been shown to have a RING-independent E3 ligase activity that polyubiquitinates the E2 enzyme cdc34 . ICP0 influences many cellular pathways and is required for the activation of most viral and many cellular genes , for reactivation from latency and suppression of innate immunity [ 19 ] . ( 5 ) Finally , ubiquitin modifications can be reversed by the isopeptide-bond specific proteolytic activity of DUBs . In addition to cellular DUBs , it has been reported that various virus families code their own DUBs ( Coronavirus , Herpesvirus etc . ) to evade host antiviral immune response and promote virus replication ( for a recent review see [ 1 ] ) . For instance , in the herpesviridae family , a variety of DUBs play an important role in the virus life cycle ( e.g. , UL36USP ( Ubiquitin Ligase 36 Ubiquitin Specific Protease ) of HSV-1 , tegument protein pUL48 of human cytomegalovirus ( HCMV ) ) . Regarding HIV-1 , a recent study reported that several cellular DUBs ( USP7 and USP47 , Ubiquitin Specific Protease family ) play an important role in its replication by regulating Gag processing and thus the infectivity of released virions and simultaneously the entry of Gag into the UPS and MHC-I pathway [ 39 ] . Moreover , this study showed that treatment with DUB inhibitors targeting USP47 causes a general Gag processing defect , indicating that USP47 interacts with Gag and prevents its entry into the UPS . Similarly , proteasome inhibitors have been shown to impact HIV-1 replication by reducing the release and maturation of infectious particles [ 40 , 41 ] or by suppressing its transcription [ 42 ] . Taken together , these studies suggest a potential antiretroviral activity of DUB and proteasome inhibitors .

The viral protein Vpu counteracts BST-2 by direct interaction of their transmembrane domains embedded in the plasma membrane [ 136 ] . The exact mode of action of Vpu is still a matter of debate , but it seems clear now that Vpu sequesters BST-2 away from virion budding sites , thereby preventing it from incorporation into the viral envelope ( Figure 6 C 1 ) [ 77 , 85 , 137 , 138 ] . Several studies have shown that in the presence of Vpu , newly synthesized BST-2 is sequestered in intracellular compartments , particularly the trans-golgi-network ( Figure 6 C 2 ) . This finally results in the downregulation of surface levels of BST-2 , thereby allowing normal rates of virion release in the presence of Vpu [ 77 , 85 , 137 , 138 ] . BST-2 is constitutively regulated by ubiquitination and lysosomal degradation mediated by the cellular E3 ubiquitin ligases March8 and NEDD4 ( Neural precursor cell Expressed Developmentally Down-regulated protein 4 ) [ 139 ] . It is still a matter of debate however , whether Vpu also uses the endo-lysosomal system for BST-2 counteraction . The E3-ubiquitin ligase adaptor 2 - TrCP is known to be recruited by the cytoplasmic DSGxxS motif of Vpu ( Figure 6 B ) [ 140 ] , which might lead to ubiquitination of BST-2 followed by its degradation in the endo-lysosomal system ( Figure 6 C 3 ) [ 137 , 141 ] .

In the absence of Vpu , newly formed virions remain tethered to the plasma membrane of their host cell after budding and are eventually endocytosed and degraded [ 75 ] . The cellular restriction factor responsible for the block of virion release is Tetherin / BST-2 . BST-2 is found as a disulfide-bond-linked dimer which is anchored into the plasma membrane by two domains : a transmembrane domain close to its N-terminus and an extracellular C-terminal glycosyl-phosphatidylinositol ( GPI ) - anchor ( Figure 6 A ) [ 134 ] . These two domains mediate virion-tethering to the host cell , one remaining in the plasma membrane and the other one being inserted into the viral envelope ( Figure 6 C ) . It has been shown that this tethering involves approximately a dozen of BST-2 dimers and that among the two membrane-associated domains , the GPI-anchor is preferentially incorporated into budding virions [ 135 ] . The extracellular domain of BST-2 thereby acts like a molecular ruler , maintaining the virus at a constant distance of the plasma membrane , preventing it from disseminating to other target cells [ 134 ] .

Additional file 1 : Figure S1 . The

In the region of Ar Riyad , including the capital city of Riyadh , a hospital based cluster began , within a single hospital , from late June 2015 [ 205 ] . By mid-September there had been approximately170 cases reported but the outbreak appeared to been brought under control in November .

To allow for a better clinical interpretation , these outcomes were dichotomized by the median : ( LOS by d2 and > 2 days ; respiratory support and duration of fever after hospitalization by d1 and > 1 day ) . Covariates with p < 0.15 by univariate analysis were further included in multivariable models . Analyses were conducted using SAS 9.4 ( SAS Institute , Cary , NC , United States ) .

For bivariate analyses , patient demographics ' and clinical characteristics were compared using the chi-square or Fisher 's exact test , as appropriate . Normally distributed continuous variables were compared using t-test or one way ANOVA and results expressed as means and standard deviation ( SD ) . Nonnormally distributed continuous variables were compared using the Mann-Whitney or Kruskal-Wallis tests and results expressed as medians and 25 - 75 % interquartile range ( IQR ) . Univariate and multivariable logistic regression were used to assess factors associated with three major outcomes of care : duration of fever , duration of respiratory support and total duration of stay ( LOS ) .

Background : Community-acquired pneumonia ( CAP ) is a leading cause of hospitalization and mortality in children . Diagnosis remains challenging and there are no reliable tools to objectively risk stratify patients or predict clinical outcomes . Molecular distance to health ( MDTH ) is a genomic score that measures the global perturbation of the transcriptional profile and may help classify patients by disease severity . We evaluated the value of MDTH to assess disease severity in children hospitalized with CAP . / nMethods : Children hospitalized with CAP and matched healthy controls were enrolled in a prospective observational study . Blood samples were obtained for transcriptome analyses within 24 h of hospitalization . MDTH scores were calculated to assess disease severity and correlated with laboratory markers , such as white blood cell count , c-reactive protein ( CRP ) , and procalcitonin ( PCT ) , and clinical outcomes , including duration of fever and duration of hospitalization ( LOS ) . Univariate and multivariable logistic regression were applied to assess factors associated with LOS and duration of fever after hospitalization . / nResults : Among children hospitalized with CAP ( n = 152 ) , pyogenic bacteria ( PB ) were detected in 16 ( 11 % ) , Mycoplasma pneumoniae was detected in 41 ( 28 % ) , respiratory viruses ( RV ) alone were detected in 78 ( 51 % ) , and no pathogen was detected in 17 ( 11 % ) children . Statistical group comparisons identified 6,726 genes differentially expressed in patients with CAP vs . healthy controls ( n = 39 ) . Children with confirmed PB had higher MDTH scores than those with RV ( p < 0.05 ) or M . pneumoniae ( p < 0.01 ) detected alone . CRP ( r = 0.39 , p < 0.000 1 ) , PCT ( r = 0.39 , p < 0.000 1 ) , and MDTHs ( r = 0.24 , p < 0.01 ) correlated with duration of fever , while only MDTHs correlated with LOS ( r = 0.33 , p < 0.000 1 ) . Unadjusted analyses showed that both higher CRP and MDTHs were associated with longer LOS ( OR 1.04 [ 1 - 1.07 ] and 1.12 [ 1.04 - 1.20 ] , respectively ) , however , only MDTH remained significant when adjusting for other covariates ( aOR 1.11 [ 1.01 - 1.22 ] ) . Wallihan et al . MDTH Score in Pediatric CAP / nConclusions : In children hospitalized with CAP MDTH score measured within 24 h of admission was independently associated with longer duration of hospitalization , regardless of the pathogen detected . This suggests that transcriptional biomarkers may represent a promising approach to assess disease severity in children with CAP .

We observed bacterial communities including typical intestinal bacterial groups in our samples , with the dominant ones being phyla Firmicutes , Bacteroidetes , Proteobacteria , and Fusobacteria , which is consistent with previous findings on swine gut microbiota ( 8 , 10 , 14 , 18 ) . In the normal group , the phylum Firmicutes marked the highest number of individuals among all microorganisms ( approximately 57 % of total reads ) , followed by Proteobacteria ( 25.1 % ) , Bacteroidetes ( 10.4 % ) , unclassified Bacteria ( 3.7 % ) , Actinobacteria ( 3.2 % ) , and Spirochaetes ( 0.9 % ) ( Fig . S3 ) . In contrast , the phylum Fusobacteria was dominant in the infected group ( approximately 32 % , Fig . S3 , cf . 0.1 % in the normal group ) . This was interesting because Fusobacteria spp . are typically dominant in the mouth as obligate anaerobic and non-sporeforming bacteria . Fusobacteria spp . have also been frequently identified in a wide variety of clinically significant anaerobic infection cases with other anaerobes , including oral and dental infections ( e.g. dental caries ) , brain abscesses , and tissue infections ( 2 ) . We gained a more detailed insight by examining results at the phylum and genus levels . At the phylum level , the normal group and PEDV-infected group both had dominance members . However , a difference was detected between the two groups due to a microbial imbalance ( i.e. dysbiosis ) in the infected group only ( 28 ) . We also compared genus level taxonomic resolutions between the normal and infected groups . In order to achieve this , we analyzed more than 1 % of the total assigned reads and relatively re-calculated the proportions of taxonomic assigned reads ( Fig . 2 ) . As expected , a difference was observed in the occurrence and abundance of identified genera between the normal and infected groups . Psychrobacter ( 45.3 % ) and Lactobacillus ( 25.8 % ) were the most abundant genera in the normal group . Prevotella , Carnobacterium , Faecalibacterium , Sporosarcina , Paenibacillus , and Clostridium genera in that order of abundance were also identified in the normal group . On the other hand , in the infected group , eight genera were more abundant in the gut , including Fusobacterium ( 30.3 % ) and Bacteroides ( 26.9 % ) . With the exception of the genera Psychrobacter and Carnobacterium , the abundances of the genera Fusobacterium , Escherichia ( Shigella ) , Prevotella , and Faecalibacterium Table 1 . Description of gut microbiota from the large intestinal tract of swine and estimates of sequence diversity and phylotype coverage of MiSeq data . Diversity indices and richness estimators were calculated using the mothur package ( of the mother project ; http://www.mothur.org ) . Diversity was estimated using operational taxonomic units ( OTUs ) and defined as groups with e97 % sequence similarity . All pigs determined no medical records . significantly differed ( P < 0.05 ) between the normal and infected groups . The abundances of pathogenic organisms including Fusobacterium and Escherichia ( Shigella ) were markedly increased in the infected group ( 1 , 6 ) , while most commensal bacteria ( i.e. Psychrobacter , Prevotella , and Faecalibacterium ) observed in the healthy gastrointestinal tract decreased . This may have serious implications because these commensal bacteria have been suggested to play important roles such as active digestive enzyme-and / or as short chain fatty acid-producing bacteria . Previous studies indicated that commensal bacteria were crucial for gut health and had functions against diseases including rheumatoid arthritis , ulcerative colitis , and autism ( 7 , 15 , 16 , 22 ) . One of the commensal bacteria , Psychrobacter spp . , as a probiotic , may improve the diversity of the autochthonous gut microbiota by stimulating its growth ( 26 , 30 ) . Furthermore , most species of the genus Carnobacterium function as producers of lactic acid through carbohydrate fermentation and carnobacterium bacteriocins . Moreover , a previous study reported that they had ability to inhibit the growth of Listeria monocytogenes ( i.e. food protection ) ( references therein ; 12 ) . In order to unravel gut microbiota interactions between normal and infected groups , we explored and constructed weighted-OTUs networks . One assumption of this study was that each microorganism ( i.e. OTUs ) formed a set of consortium within each group , which was proven to be correct by an examination of the profiles of UPGMA , NMDS , and similarity analysis of the gut microbiota ( Fig . S4 ) . We observed similarities between the weighted-OTUs network results and other analyses ( e.g. NMDS , UPGMA ) ; most OTUs were clearly separated in accord with the group . However , other OTUs were shared within other groups . The latter OTUs are considered common taxa such as Firmicutes and Bacteroides .

Fourteen fecal samples were collected from two different swine groups : healthy ( labeled as normal , n = 7 ) and PEDV infection-diagnosed ( designated as infected , n = 7 ) pigs . Pigs were Yorkshire-Landrace-Duroc crossbred pigs from a livestock farmhouse located in South Korea , and were less than 3 months old at the time of collection . PEDV-infected swine were diagnosed with the infection at the College of Veterinary Medicine at Chungnam National University between 2013 and 2014 . All fecal samples were collected from the large intestine and were immediately placed into sterile conical tubes using alcohol-sterilized spatulas , and were then stored at -80 ° C until later analysis . DNA extraction , a polymerase chain reaction for paired-end sequencing performance , and bioinformatics analysis were described previously ( 9 , 18 ) . Sequencing was performed by the Beijing Genomics Institute ( Hong Kong , China ) using the MiSeq system ( Illumina , San Diego , CA , USA ) , following the system manufacturer 's instructions . In the bioinformatics analysis , we used modified pipelines as described on the websites : the mothur project ( http://www.mothur.org/wiki/MiSeq_SOP ) ( 23 ) and Quantitative Insights into Microbial Ecology ( QIIME ) ( http://qiime.org/ tutorials / illumina _ overview _ tutorial . html ) ( 3 ) . The bacterial sequence reads were compared with known 16 S rRNA genes as reference data obtained from the Ribosomal Database Project ( RDP ) , and were taxonomically assigned based on RDP classifiers ( 5 ) . Table 1 summarizes the sequencing reads , diversity indices , and sample coverages of the swine gut samples . After quality control processing and chimeric removal , this study used a total of ca . 600,000 reads ( from 646,705 raw reads ) to analyze abundance and diversity , as well as to conduct a taxonomic comparison . We used an unweighted pair group method with arithmetic mean clustering ( UPGMA ) and nonmetric multidimensional scaling ( NMDS ) analyses , and observed the clear separation of the bacterial community structures of the swine gut into two groups ( Fig . 1 and Fig . S1 ) . We also conducted a pairwise comparison analysis of similarity distances of bacterial communities , and the results were consistent with our previous findings obtained using the UPGMA and NMDS method . In the comparison analysis , the gut microbiota of the infected group showed higher similarities than that of the normal group ( Fig . S2 ) . According to our measurement of OTUs , Shannon , Chao , and Simpson indices , the gut microbiota diversity of the normal group was higher than that that of the infected group ( P < 0.05 , Table 1 ) . This result was inconsistent with our previous findings , in which the diversity indices for the gut microbiota of a runt swine group and healthy group were higher ( 18 ) . Using these results , we hypothesized that the diarrhea events of the host caused by PEDV infection may remove or " sweep off " most microorganisms in the gut of the host . PEDV infectioninduced dysbiosis may leave host swine afflicted with a range of pathogenic agents .

Porcine epidemic diarrhea ( PED ) is an enteric disease in swine caused by PED virus ( PEDV ) , which is a member of the family Coronaviridae ( 21 ) . PEDV was first identified in England in 1971 ( 17 ) , and outbreaks of the virus have since been reported and recently in Europe , Asia , and the USA ( 4 , 20 , 25 , 27 ) . The first case of a virus outbreak occurred in South Korea in 1992 , and has since been followed by yearly outbreaks ( 11 , 24 ) . PED poses the most serious threat to infant piglets , with morbidity and mortality rates previously reported to be between 80 and 100 % ( 19 ) , thereby engendering economics losses in the pork industry .

The gastrointestinal tract of mammals is a complex ecosystem with distinct environments and comprises hundreds of different types of bacterial cells . The gut microbiota may play a critical role in the gut health of the host . We herein attempted to identify a microbiota shift that may be affected by porcine epidemic diarrhea ( PED ) . We observed significant differences in microbiota between the control and PED virus ( PEDV ) - infected groups at both the phylum and genus level . Most commensal bacteria ( i.e. Psychrobacter , Prevotella , and Faecalibacterium ) in the healthy gastrointestinal tract were decreased due to dysbiosis induced by PEDV infection .

The four SpDCoV strains identified in this study share a slightly higher identity ( 94.4 - 94.6 % and 96.0 - 96.4 % ) to a sparrow CoV strain HKU17-6124 than to PDCoV strains ( 93.4 - 93.6 % and 95.3 - 95.8 % ) in their ORF1ab and N proteins , respectively ( Fig . 1 b and Supplementary Table S2 ) . In contrast , the four SpDCoV strains share a significantly lower identity to sparrow CoV HKU17 ( 58.2 - 58.6 % ) than to three PDCoV strains ( 82.7 - 87.7 % ) in their S protein ( Fig . 1 b and Supplementary Table S2 ) . In addition , they share a relatively lower identity ( 90.7 - 91.5 % and 93.5 - 95.5 % ) to sparrow CoV HKU17 than the PDCoV strains ( 94.9 - 95.8 % and 96.1 - 98.1 % ) in their E and M proteins , respectively ( Supplementary Table S2 ) . These findings were also confirmed by phylogenetic tree analysis of amino-acid sequences in which the four SpDCoV strains clustered together and were closely related to PDCoV and sparrow CoV HKU17 strains in ORF1ab , E , M , and N trees ( Fig . 1 c and Supplementary Figure S1 ) . However , the four SpDCoV strains were close to PDCoV but distant from sparrow CoV HKU17 in the S tree ( Fig . 1 d ) . In the case of non-structural proteins ( NS6 , NS7a , and NS7b ) , the SpDCoV strains share a high amino-acid identity with each other . However , SpDCoV ISU690-4 / 7 has 76.2 % and 79 % identity to ISU73347 and ISU42824 , respectively , in NS7c , which is much lower than the 97.2 % identity shared between ISU73347 and ISU42824 ( Supplementary Table S3 ) . An 18 - nt deletion in the NS7c gene of ISU690-4 and -7 resulted in a protein that was 6 amino acids shorter than that of ISU73347 and ISU42824 in length ( Supplementary Figure S2 ) . Overall , these data further support that the sparrow CoVs identified in our study are novel SpDCoV .

Whole-genome nucleotide sequence comparison showed that SpDCoV ISU73347 shares a higher identity with ISU42824 ( 93.9 % ) and ISU690-4 and  7 ( 92.5 % ) than with PDCoV ( 83.9 % ) and HKU17 ( 82.1 % ) , and it has an even lower identity with other avian deltacoronaviruses , such as HKU13 ( 70.7 % ) , HKU16 ( 69.1 % ) , and HKU18 ( 69.0 % ) ( Fig . 1 b , Supplementary Table S1 ) . SpDCoV ISU690-4 and ISU690-7 share 99.8 % wholegenome nucleotide identity with each other , whereas both strains share 93.1 % , 92.5 % , 83.2 % , and 82.7 % identity with ISU42824 , ISU73347 , PDCoV , and HKU17 , respectively , and they share an even lower identity with other avian deltacoronaviruses , such as HKU13 ( 71.4 % ) , HKU16 ( 69.3 % ) , and HKU18 ( 69.4 % ) . These data suggest that the newly identified SpDCoV ISU690-4 / ISU690-7 , ISU42824 , and ISU73347 represent novel SpDCoV strains . To exclude the possible issue of contamination of sparrow fecal samples with porcine samples , all fecal samples directly collected from swine were tested and were negative for both SDCoV and SpDCoV . In addition , Sanger sequencing of four RT-PCR products of the ORF1ab , M , and N genes of SpDCoV showed that the sequences had 100 % identity to those from NGS .


PEDV is a member of the Coronavirinae subfamily and belongs to the Alphacoronavirus genus . Its genomic size ranges from approximately 26 to 32 kb , which is relatively large for an RNA virus . Although vaccines for PEDV exist in China , Japan , and South Korea , there is no approved vaccine in the United States or Europe ( 3 ) . Furthermore , PEDV is still evolving within the U.S. swine population .

Assuming that the number of passengers is identical among all international flights , the transition matrix is calculated as P ji = w ji k w ki , where w ki is the number of direct flights from country i to country k per unit time derived from airline transportation network data ( Contentshare , 2016 ) . Finally , the effective distance m j of a country j from the country of origin ( i.e. , Brazil ) is calculated as the minimum of the all possible effective lengths of path that goes from the origin country to the country j . The effective distance has been known as an excellent predictor of the arrival time of SARS ( severe acute respiratory syndrome ) and influenza pH1N1 2009 ( Brockmann & Helbing , 2013 ) . Considering that the effective distance is a critical indicator of the risk of importation , we assume that the hazard function is an inverse of the effective distance , i.e. ,

where P ji denotes the conditional probability that an individual that left i moves to j .

We estimated the risk of importing ZIKV and that of local transmission using a survival analysis model . Let T be a continuous random variable with probability density function of the time from importation in Brazil to importation in country j , f j ( t ) , and cumulative distribution function F j ( t ) = Pr ( T < t ) . The function F j ( t ) describes the probability that ZIKV has been already imported to a country j by time t . The time t = 0 corresponds to the time at which ZIKV infection was first recognized in Brazil and started to rapidly spread across countries ( i.e. , week 12 of 2015 ) . We parameterize the hazard function » ( t ) using the effective distance , the metric derived from the airline transportation network ( Contentshare , 2016 ) . Let { n 1 , n 2 , ... n l } be the sequence of transit countries at which a traveler starting from country n 1 ( with a destination n l ) stops over . The length of path of that travel is l . The effective length of the path , dn 1 n l , is defined by

Arrival times of ZIKV importation , i.e. , the time at which first ZIKV case was imported , in each imported country was collected from publicly available data sources ( see Supplemental Information ) . The criterion to include a country as imported was the presence of a report based on confirmatory diagnosis made either by serological testing or detection of virus RNA . When ZIKV was isolated from mosquitoes or primates other than humans , it was considered that the country had already imported the virus , because the virus isolation implies that the local transmission had taken place . For each imported country , the arrival time was defined as the week in which the importation event had happened . When monthly or yearly data were only available or when a seroepidemiological study identified the local transmission , the median week was used as the week of importation . The latest time at which the importation week was systematically examined was 31 January 2016 .

As previously mentioned , inovirus display technology has also been used for the design of vaccines against non-infectious diseases and in some cases , the capability of the vaccine to limit the progression of the disease was evaluated . In 2005 , Fang et al . displayed an epitope of the Melanoma Antigen A1 ( MAGE A1 ) in the surface of inovirus fused on gp8 [ 85 ] . This resulted in an induction of cellular immune response against the melanoma tumor and in the significant inhibition of tumor growth in the vaccinated mice . In addition , there was an important increase in the survival rate of vaccinated animals [ 85 ] . Similar results were obtained in 2002 by Wu et al . in an effort to design a vaccine against murine mastocytoma P815 [ 89 ] . An epitope of the P1A tumor antigen was fused to the inoviral surface and the vaccinated mice gained significant protection against tumor growth . Moreover , there was a significant increase in survival rate due to an anti-tumor cellular response that was induced [ 89 ] . Some important efforts have also been made for the design of an inovirus-based vaccine against Alzheimer 's disease . The main target of these vaccines was the induction of antibodies against 2 - amyloid plaques . In these studies , the antigenic epitope that was displayed in the inoviral surface was the epitope EGFR , which consists of the four amino acids E , G , F and R and it is part of the 2 - amyloid peptide . In mice immunized with recombinant inoviruses , the researchers observed a reduction in 2 - amyloid plaque burden and a specific humoral response [ 93 ] [ 94 ] [ 95 ] [ 96 ] . Collectively , these studies show that it is possible to protect vaccinated animals against disease progression , thus alluding to the promising use of such vaccines against non-infectious diseases in humans .

All of the animal experiments undertaken in this study were in accordance with the standards of the National Institutes of Health Animal Care and Use Committee protocols , the ARVO Statement for the Use of Animals in Ophthalmic and Vision Research , and the guidelines of the Animal Resource Center , University of California , Santa Barbara .

Inferior retinal detachment was created in the right eyes of six New Zealand red pigmented rabbits . The eyes were normal with no evidence of disease on examination . Combined injections of xylazine ( 6.7 mg / kg ) and ketamine ( 33.3 mg / kg ) were administered intramuscularly to induce anesthesia and analgesia . The pupils were dilated with topical drops of atropine and tropicamide ( 1 % solutions ) . A pipette tip , with an external diameter of approximately 100 m , was inserted into the eye through a pars plana incision . Sodium hyaluronate ( Healon , 0.25 % in a balanced salt solution ; Pharmacia , Piscataway , NJ ) was infused via a glass pipette between the neurosensory retina and retinal pigment epithelium . Healon was necessary to prevent spontaneous retinal reattachment , and 0.25 % is the most dilute solution that maintains the detachment for extended periods . Approximately 50 % of the retina beneath the medullary rays , which included the central retina , was detached ( Figure 1 ) . Sham surgery was performed in the right eyes of five other rabbits that were used as controls , which involved surgical entry of the vitreous cavity without disruption of the retina . Scleral incisions were closed with 8 - 0 nylon suture . Seven days postoperatively the animals were euthanized by the administration of sodium pentobarbital ( 120 mg / kg ; Butler Schein , Dublin , OH ) and the eyes enucleated . After removal of the cornea and lens , the associated vitreous of the sham and detached retinas was extracted and immediately snap-frozen in liquid nitrogen within separate vials . There was no gross evidence of blood or other contamination of the vitreous samples at the time of tissue harvesting . The vitreous samples were stored at  80  C until further use .

This proteomic investigation of the rabbit vitreous has identified a set of proteins that assist our understanding of the pathogenesis of rhegmatogenous retinal detachment and its Journal of Ophthalmology 7 complications . Further studies will be necessary to clarify the role of these proteins . Certain proteins , such as those of low abundance and at the extremes of molecular mass , together with membrane proteins , can be difficult to resolve and detect using the 2 D-PAGE technique . Therefore , complementary proteomic methods such as gel-free mass spectrometry should be considered in future work in order to help address these limitations .

Alpha-1-antiproteinase is primarily produced in the liver and circulated to the rest of the body tissues via the blood ; however , extrahepatic sites of its synthesis have been identified , which include blood monocytes , alveolar macrophages , bronchial and gastrointestinal epithelial cells , and the cornea [ 70 ] [ 71 ] [ 72 ] [ 73 ] . The protein has also been localized to the tear film , aqueous humor , and vitreous , where in the latter a phosphorylated form of -1 - antiproteinase has been suggested as a potential biomarker of idiopathic macular hole and rhegmatogenous retinal detachment [ 73 ] [ 74 ] [ 75 ] . It has been postulated that one of the main functions of corneal -1 - antiproteinase is to protect against the damaging effects of neutrophil elastase produced during corneal inflammation [ 73 ] , and it may be expected that a similar role in addition to others is applicable to vitreal -1 - antiproteinase , though this requires further investigation .

We found the F isoform of rabbit -1 - antiproteinase to be downregulated in the vitreous following retinal detachment . The F isoform of -1 - antiproteinase is the only one of the rabbit isoforms so far identified that has been shown to have the oxidizable methionine residue site that is present in human -1 - antiproteinase [ 67 ] . The oxidation of methionine to methionine sulfoxide , which can occur during episodes of inflammation as a result of oxygen-free radicals secreted by leucocytes , has an inhibiting effect upon -1 - antiproteinase function . This process is thought to enhance the ability of proteinases such as elastase to locally degrade tissue debris that occurs at sites of inflammation [ 67 , 68 ] .

A fragment of collagen-I 1 was identified in the vitreous of the rabbit ; however , type I collagen has not previously been identified as a natural component of the mammalian vitreous and is rather known to be a constituent of early PVR membranes [ 51 ] [ 52 ] [ 53 ] and retinal blood vessels [ 54 , 55 ] . A mixture of type II , IX , and V / XI hybrid collagen fibrils , which are separated out mainly by water and ions attracted to hyaluronan , characterizes the vitreous body [ 56 ] . Collagen , possibly with the aid of adhesive-like intermediate molecules , may provide the basis of vitreoretinal adhesion by connecting the vitreous with the retinal inner limiting membrane ( ILM ) . This attachment is extremely strong in the vitreous base since the fibrils pass through the ILM to merge into underlying collagen networks and crypts [ 2 , 56 , 57 ] . Collagen is also a significant component of both epiretinal and subretinal PVR membranes [ 53 , 58 ] , and type I collagen is recognized to be a principal constituent during their early development [ 51 ] [ 52 ] [ 53 ] . The presence of collagen in the subretinal space , a place normally devoid of this protein , suggests that certain cells , particularly the RPE and Müller cells associated with membranes , are able to synthesize collagen under certain pathological conditions such as retinal detachment and PVR [ 58 ] [ 59 ] [ 60 ] [ 61 ] . However , the present analysis suggests collagen-I 1 fragment to be found in sham vitreous , which furthermore showed a decreased concentration following retinal detachment that may indicate perturbed proteolytic activity . Matrix metalloproteinases ( MMP ) and other proteolytic enzymes that are able to degrade and remodel vitreal collagen have been found to be increased with RRD and PVR [ 62 ] [ 63 ] [ 64 ] [ 65 ] , which could be in keeping with the decrease in -1 - antiproteinase shown in the present study . Further studies will be necessary to confirm the source and nature of collagen-I 1 in the vitreous and the possible mechanisms of collagen fragmentation that may be an important feature of vitreous liquefaction and RRD [ 2 , 62 , 66 ] .

Adenovirus vectors are attractive as vaccine vectors because their genome is very stable and there are a variety of recombinant systems available which can accommodate up to 10 kb of recombinant genetic material [ 37 ] . Adenovirus is a non-enveloped virus which is relatively stable and can be formulated for long-term storage at 4 ° C , or even storage up to six months at room temperature [ 33 ] . Adenovirus vaccines can be grown to high titers , exceeding 10 1 ° plaque forming units ( PFU ) per mL when cultured on 293 or PER . C6 cells [ 38 ] , and the virus can be purified by simple methods [ 39 ] . Adenovirus vaccines can also be delivered via multiple routes , including intramuscular injection , subcutaneous injection , intradermal injection , oral delivery using a protective capsule , and by intranasal delivery . Importantly , the latter two delivery methods induce robust mucosal immune responses and may bypass preexisting vector immunity [ 33 ] . Even replication-defective adenovirus vectors are naturally immunostimulatory and effective adjuvants to the recombinant antigen being delivered . Adenovirus has been extensively studied as a vaccine vector for human disease . The first report using adenovirus as a vaccine vector for influenza demonstrated immunogenicity of recombinant adenovirus 5 ( rAd5 ) expressing the HA of a swine influenza virus , A / Swine / Iowa / 1999 ( H3N2 ) . Intramuscular immunization of mice with this construct induced robust neutralizing antibody responses and protected mice from challenge with a heterologous virus , A / Hong Kong / 1 / 1968 ( H3N2 ) [ 40 ] . Replication defective rAd5 vaccines expressing influenza HA have also been tested in humans . A rAd5-HA expressing the HA from A / Puerto Rico / 8 / 1934 ( H1N1 ; PR8 ) was delivered to humans epicutaneously or intranasally and assayed for safety and immunogenicity . The vaccine was well tolerated and induced seroconversion with the intranasal administration had a higher conversion rate and higher geometric meant HI titers [ 41 ] . While clinical trials with rAd vectors have overall been successful , demonstrating safety and some level of efficacy , rAd5 as a vector has been negatively overshadowed by two clinical trial failures . The first trial was a gene therapy examination where high-dose intravenous delivery of an Ad vector resulted in the death of an 18 - year-old male [ 42 , 43 ] . The second clinical failure was using an Ad5-vectored HIV vaccine being tested as a part of a Step Study , a phase 2 B clinical trial . In this study , individuals were vaccinated with the Ad5 vaccine vector expressing HIV-1 gag , pol , and nef genes . The vaccine induced HIV-specific T cell responses ; however , the study was stopped after interim analysis suggested the vaccine did not achieve efficacy and individuals with high preexisting Ad5 antibody titers might have an increased risk of acquiring HIV-1 [ 44 ] [ 45 ] [ 46 ] . Subsequently , the rAd5 vaccine-associated risk was confirmed [ 47 ] . While these two instances do not suggest Ad-vector vaccines are unsafe or inefficacious , the umbra cast by the clinical trials notes has affected interest for all adenovirus vaccines , but interest still remains .

The goal of any vaccine is to protect against infection and disease , while inducing population-based immunity to reduce or eliminate virus transmission within the population . It is clear that currently licensed influenza vaccines have not fully met these goals , nor those specific to inducing long-term , robust immunity . There are a number of vaccine-related issues that must be addressed before population-based influenza vaccination strategies are optimized . The concept of a - one size fits all  vaccine needs to be updated , given the recent ability to probe the virus-host interface through RNA interference approaches that facilitate the identification of host genes affecting virus replication , immunity , and disease . There is also a need for revision of the current influenza virus vaccine strategies for at-risk populations , particularly those at either end of the age spectrum . An example of an improved vaccine regime might include the use of a vectored influenza virus vaccine that expresses the HA , NA and M and / or NP proteins for the two currently circulating influenza A subtypes and both influenza B strains so that vaccine take and vaccine antigen levels are not an issue in inducing protective immunity . Recombinant live-attenuated or replication-deficient influenza viruses may offer an advantage for this and other approaches .

Current influenza vaccines rely on matching the HA antigen of the vaccine with circulating strains to provide strain-specific neutralizing antibody responses [ 4 , 14 , 24 ] . There is significant interest in developing universal influenza vaccines that would not require annual reformulation to provide protective robust and durable immunity . These vaccines rely on generating focused immune responses to highly conserved portions of the virus that are refractory to mutation [ 30 ] [ 31 ] [ 32 ] . Traditional vaccines may not be suitable for these vaccination strategies ; however , vectored vaccines that have the ability to be readily modified and to express transgenes are compatible for these applications .

Modified vaccinia virus Ankara ( MVA ) was developed prior to smallpox eradication to reduce or prevent adverse effects of other smallpox vaccines [ 109 ] . Serial tissue culture passage of MVA resulted in loss of 15 % of the genome , and established a growth restriction for avian cells . The defects affected late stages in virus assembly in non-avian cells , a feature enabling use of the vector as single-round expression vector in non-permissive hosts . Interestingly , over two decades ago , recombinant MVA expressing the HA and NP of influenza virus was shown to be effective against lethal influenza virus challenge in a murine model [ 112 ] . Subsequently , MVA expressing various antigens from seasonal , pandemic ( A / California / 04 / 2009 , pH1N1 ) , equine ( A / Equine / Kentucky / 1 / 81 H3N8 ) , and HPAI ( VN1203 ) viruses have been shown to be efficacious in murine , ferret , NHP , and equine challenge models [ 113 ] . MVA vaccines are very effective stimulators of both cellular and humoral immunity . For example , abortive infection provides native expression of the influenza antigens enabling robust antibody responses to native surface viral antigens . Concurrently , the intracellular influenza peptides expressed by the pox vector enter the class I MHC antigen processing and presentation pathway enabling induction of CD8 + T cell antiviral responses . MVA also induces CD4 + T cell responses further contributing to the magnitude of the antigen-specific effector functions [ 107 , [ 112 ] [ 113 ] [ 114 ] [ 115 ] . MVA is also a potent activator of early innate immune responses further enhancing adaptive immune responses [ 116 ] . Between early smallpox vaccine development and more recent vaccine vector development , MVA has undergone extensive safety testing and shown to be attenuated in severely immunocompromised animals and safe for use in children , adults , elderly , and immunocompromised persons . With extensive pre-clinical data , recombinant MVA vaccines expressing influenza antigens have been tested in clinical trials and been shown to be safe and immunogenic in humans [ 117 ] [ 118 ] [ 119 ] . These results combined with data from other ( non-influenza ) clinical and pre-clinical studies support MVA as a leading viral-vectored candidate vaccine .

Early work with intact vaccinia virus vectors raised safety concerns , as there was substantial reactogenicity that hindered recombinant vaccine development [ 108 ] . Two vaccinia vectors were developed to address these safety concerns . The modified vaccinia virus Ankara ( MVA ) strain was attenuated by passage 530 times in chick embryo fibroblasts cultures . The second , New York vaccinia virus ( NYVAC ) was a plaque-purified clone of the Copenhagen vaccine strain rationally attenuated by deletion of 18 open reading frames [ 109 ] [ 110 ] [ 111 ] .

NDV has also been explored as a vaccine vector for humans . Two NHP studies assessed the immunogenicity and efficacy of an rNDV expressing the HA or NA of A / Vietnam / 1203 / 2004 ( H5N1 ; VN1203 ) [ 95 , 96 ] . Intranasal and intratracheal delivery of the rNDV-HA or rNDV-NA vaccines induced both serum and mucosal antibody responses and protected from HPAIV challenge [ 95 , 96 ] . NDV has limited clinical data ; however , phase I and phase I / II clinical trials have shown that the NDV vector is well-tolerated , even at high doses delivered intravenously [ 44 , 97 ] . While these results are promising , additional studies are needed to advance NDV as a human vaccine vector for influenza .

Baculovirus vectors have been tested as influenza vaccines , with the first reported vaccine using Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus ( AcNPV ) expressing the HA of PR8 under control of the CAG promoter ( AcCAG-HA ) [ 77 ] . Intramuscular , intranasal , intradermal , and intraperitoneal immunization or mice with AcCAG-HA elicited HA-specific antibody responses , however only intranasal immunization provided protection from lethal challenge . Interestingly , intranasal immunization with the wild type AcNPV also resulted in protection from PR8 challenge . The robust innate immune response to the baculovirus provided non-specific protection from subsequent influenza virus infection [ 78 ] . While these studies did not demonstrate specific protection , there were antigen-specific immune responses and potential adjuvant effects by the innate response .

SIN , SFV , and VEE have all been tested for efficacy as vaccine vectors for influenza virus [ 68 ] [ 69 ] [ 70 ] [ 71 ] . A VEE-based replicon system encoding the HA from PR8 was demonstrated to induce potent HA-specific immune response and protected from challenge in a murine model , despite repeated immunization with the vector expressing a control antigen , suggesting preexisting immunity may not be an issue for the replicon vaccine [ 68 ] . A separate study developed a VEE replicon system expressing the HA from A / Hong Kong / 156 / 1997 ( H5N1 ) and demonstrated varying efficacy after in ovo vaccination or vaccination of 1 - day-old chicks [ 70 ] . A recombinant SIN virus was use as a vaccine vector to deliver a CD8 + T cell epitope only . The well-characterized NP epitope was transgenically expressed in the SIN system and shown to be immunogenic in mice , priming a robust CD8 + T cell response and reducing influenza virus titer after challenge [ 69 ] . More recently , a VEE replicon system expressing the HA protein of PR8 was shown to protect young adult ( 8 - week-old ) and aged ( 12 - month-old ) mice from lethal homologous challenge [ 72 ] .

The aim of this study is to explore the efficacy and safety of Lopinavir / ritonavir ( LPV / r ) monotherapy or arbidol monotherapy on the treatment of COVID-19 patients . However , COVID-19 is a new emerging disease without any data to calculate the sample size . In addition , the trend of the epidemic was not clear while we were designing the study . Based on the estimated number of patients admitted to the hospital at that time , we estimate that a maximum of 125 patients can meet the inclusion criteria .

The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is . https://doi.org/10.1101/2020.03.19.20038984 doi : medRxiv preprint as follows ( 1 ) anaphylaxis ; ( 2 ) elevation of ALT or AST to more than 2.5 - fold the upper normal limit or elevation of TBIL to more than 1.5 - fold the upper normal limit ; ( 3 ) acute pancreatitis ; and ( 4 ) diarrhea .

The copyright holder for this preprint ( which was not peer-reviewed ) is

Since December , 2019 , cases of the novel coronavirus disease have rapidly spread from Wuhan , China to throughout China and over 110 other countries and territories within just two months [ 1 , 2 ] . This outbreak was confirmed to be caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 ( SARS-CoV-2 , previously named 2019 novel coronavirus or 2019 - nCoV ) , belonging to the same family of viruses responsible for severe acute respiratory syndrome ( SARS ) and Middle East respiratory syndrome ( MERS ) [ 3 ] . The World Health Organization ( WHO ) has declared the COVID-19 as a public health emergency of international concern . As of March 16 th , 2020 , 167,515 confirmed cases and 6,606 death cases have been documented globally [ 2 ] .

Fatal Ebola virus infection is characterized by a systemic inflammatory response similar to septic shock . Ebola glycoprotein ( GP ) is involved in this process through activating dendritic cells ( DCs ) and macrophages . However , the mechanism is unclear . Here , we showed that LSECtin ( also known as CLEC4G ) plays an important role in GP-mediated inflammatory responses in human DCs . Anti-LSECtin mAb engagement induced TNF-α and IL-6 production in DCs , whereas silencing of LSECtin abrogated this effect . Intriguingly , as a pathogen-derived ligand , Ebola GP could trigger TNF-α and IL-6 release by DCs through LSECtin . Mechanistic investigations revealed that LSECtin initiated signaling via association with a 12 - kDa DNAX-activating protein ( DAP12 ) and induced Syk activation . Mutation of key tyrosines in the DAP12 immunoreceptor tyrosine-based activation motif abrogated LSECtin-mediated signaling . Furthermore , Syk inhibitors significantly reduced the GP-triggered cytokine production in DCs . Therefore , our results demonstrate that LSECtin is required for the GP-induced inflammatory response , providing new insights into the EBOV-mediated inflammatory response .

The highest incidence rates of acute respiratory infections ( ARI ) are during the first two years of life where on average infants experience six to eight ARIs each year . 20 Complication rates from acute otitis media ( 30 % ) and sinusitis ( 8 % ) are also highest in this age group , 21 while three to five per cent of all infants are hospitalised for viral lower respiratory tract infections , including bronchiolitis , pneumonia , croup , and secondary bacterial pneumonia . 22 There is emerging evidence that infectious insults to the growing and developing lung during early childhood contribute to the pathogenesis of chronic pulmonary disorders in older children and adulthood , such as asthma , 23 chronic obstructive 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 F o r p e e r r e v i e w o n l y page 7 of 33 pulmonary disease , 24 25 and bronchiectasis . 26 Young children are often household introducers , actively transmitting respiratory infections to other family members . 27 Taken together , ARIs in children result in enormous current and future costs to the healthcare system , families and society . 14 Likewise , acute gastroenteritis ( AGE ) is still a major cause of childhood morbidity in high-income

This study is approved by clinicaltrials . gov NCT01304914 .

Primary analyses will concern the calculation of incidence rates for ARI and AGE in study children for the cohort as a whole , and by age and seasonality . The collection of control material from children when they are without symptoms will allow us to determine what proportion of ARIs and AGE can be attributed to the presence of specific pathogens . Secondary analyses will assess the incidence and shedding duration of respiratory and gastrointestinal pathogens . Analyses will be conducted with mixed effects models with random intercepts and slope ( time effect ) for each participant . This method controls for the nonindependence in outcomes from the same participant at different times and allows for heterogeneity between participants .

These data will allow for a gastroenteritis severity score ( modified Vesikari score ) validated for 36 to be calculated . The impact diary collects information on healthcare visits , including hospitalisations , diagnostic investigations , use of antibiotics , missed childcare , and parental time away from work or usual activities . 13 35 Parents collect an anterior nose swab and nappy swab from the study child once a week using a plastic-shaft , rayon budded swab , which comes with a transport tube with a foam pad reservoir soaked with viral transport medium ( Virocult MW950 , Medical Wire & Equipment , Wiltshire , England ) . For the nose specimen , a single swab is used to sample each nostril . Both specimens are sent to the research laboratory by surface mail 37 38 where they are stored in a -80 ° freezer .

The daily symptom diary consists of a day-by-day tick box framework , and has been modified from an ARI daily diary used in previous studies to include diarrhoea for capturing episodes of AGE . 13 35 For an ARI , one or more category A features ( fever , wheezing , shortness of breath , pulmonary congestion or moist cough , or medically diagnosed otitis media and / or pneumonia ) or at least two category B features ( runny nose or nasal congestion , sore throat , cough , muscle aches , chills , headache , irritability , decreased activity or lethargy or weakness , or any vomiting ) trigger impact diary completion . For AGE , parents record daily number of vomits and number of loose stools .

To investigate whether Vpr may be used as a docking protein to deliver anti-viral compounds into virions , BouHamdan et al . used a 7 - mer RPL to determine a common motif involved in the interaction between Vpr and its various ligands [ 103 ] . Screenings rounds against Vpr fusion proteins pinpointed sequences sharing a WxxF motif . Since UDG contains a WxxF sequence , mutants were constructed and confirmed the importance of this motif for Vpr binding . Cotransfection experiments indicated that the WxxF motif might be used to deliver a fusion protein into the HIV-1 virion through a new docking strategy .

The same year , another study demonstrated that antibodies binding with high affinity and specificity to heptad repeats can be isolated from synthetic Fab minimalist libraries presenting Tyr / Ser randomization of their CDR [ 152 ] . Very recently , Liu et al . took advantage of these results and constructed a minimalist Fab library where the LCDR3 and HCDR1-3 domains were randomized with Tyr and Ser [ 92 ] . Screening of this library on the 5 - Helix mimic selected for Fabs with affinity and specificity values comparable to those obtained with the ScFv of the previously described D5 Ab [ 90 , 153 ] . Huang et al . used the N34 ( L6 ) C28 polypeptide mimicking the 6 - HB [ 154 ] to screen 7 - mer and 12 - mer RPLs and selected sequences bearing a Hxx ( N / D ) PF motif [ 93 ] . This consensus motif synthesized as peptide ( JCH-4 ) inhibited HIV-1-mediated syncytia formation [ 94 ] .

To select for antibodies closely resembling the germline antibodies as a candidate source of BNtAbs , the same authors constructed a cord-blood-derived IgM library which they submitted to parallel screening against HIV-1 Env , SARS coronavirus protein binding domain ( RBD ) and soluble Hendra virus G protein ( sG ) [ 147 ] . Although RBD and sG antigens provided enriched IgM , the library could not be enriched in HIV Env-binding phagotopes . These results are in accordance with the hypothesis that HIV-1 could have evolved strategies based on weak or absent binding to antibodies of the germline repertoire [ 146 ] . Presenting epitopes unsuitable for binding of somatically hypermutated antibodies would enable the virus to escape from strong immune responses . . This library was screened on the MN2031 peptide encompassing the 2 F5 epitope ELDKWA , and led to the identification of the Z13 MAb [ 85 ] . Epitope mapping experiments based on synthetic peptides and recombinant proteins showed that the epitope targeted by MAb Z13 was located downstream of the 2 F5 epitope and centered on the NFWDIT sequence . MAb Z13 neutralized primary isolates from HIV-1 B , C and E subtypes . To enhance binding potency , Fabs sublibraries of Z13 variants were engineered and screened against an MPER peptide and gp41 [ 86 ] . The selected Z13e1 variant displayed an over 100 - fold increase in neutralization breadth and potency compared to the parental Z13 MAb . Binding experiments coupled to competition assays revealed that the Z13e1 MAb bound to a WASLWNWFDITN minimal epitope overlapping the 2 F5 epitope and that the Asn and Asp residues were essential for peptide recognition as well as HIV-1 neutralization .

In addition to epitope mapping and inhibitor identification , phage display was also widely applied to elucidating the determinants of the initial response to HIV-1 antigens and more particularly the importance and different roles of IgM and IgG during the establishment of infection . Indeed , all known BNtAbs are IgGs that are somatically hypermutated and are thus more difficult to elicit . In contrast , IgMs are closer to germline antibodies and the identification of HIV-1 specific IgM could be relevant for the development of vaccine immunogens . The studies listed in this section explored and emphasized the importance of the initial IgM response against HIV-1 and viral strategies to skew it towards non-neutralizing or infection-enhancing antibodies .

HIV-1 entry is a multi-step process requiring the successive binding of gp120 to CD4 and to a coreceptor , CCR5 or CXCR4 , and triggers successive conformational changes that expose transient epitopes . Targeting of these epitopes with NtAbs could therefore prevent HIV-1 infection , as has been proven with the clinically approved fusion inhibitor Enfuvirtide . To identify such receptor-induced epitopes , Moulard et al . screened a Fab library constructed from an HIV-1 infected patient ( FDA-2 ) with high NtAb titers against gp120-CD4-CCR5 complexes [ 83 ] . One Fab clone , X5 , bound gp120 from several strains with a low nanomolar affinity . Furthermore , binding affinity was significantly increased in the presence of CD4 and slightly enhanced by CCR5 . Competition assays with a panel of antibodies targeting different HIV-1 epitopes revealed that X5 recognized an epitope located in close vicinity to the CD4 and coreceptor binding sites . Neutralization assays with isolates from clades A , B , C , D , F and G demonstrated that X5 neutralized all isolates with potency comparable to that of b12 . X5 is the first BNtAb recognizing a receptor-induced epitope identified to date .

The CD4 receptor recognizes gp120 through residues located within its V1 region , and engineering of this cell receptor was applied to identify CD4 variants with a better affinity for gp120 , thereby displaying HIV-1 inhibitory properties . In 1997 , Krykbaev et al . constructed a phage-displayed library of CD4 V1 and V1-V2 variants generated by error-prone PCR and screened it against gp120 [ 79 ] . Five clones with increased affinity for gp120 and presenting mutations within the CD4 V1 domain were identified . All of these clones inhibited HIV-1 entry with IC 50 ranging from 0.2 to 1 μg / mL .

The advantages of reduced antibody formats were also explored with naturally occurring smaller antibodies . In addition to conventional antibodies , camelids also produce antibodies devoid of light chains ( Figure 3 D ) . These heavy-chain only antibodies ( HcAbs ) lack the C H1 domain and their binding specificity is provided by the variable heavy-chain domains of HcAbs ( V HH or nanobodies ) [ 136 ] . The CDR regions of nanobodies are on average longer CDR than those of conventional Abs and display a protruding conformation , thereby more easily binding clefts and active sites . Nanobodies were successfully used for panning against various pathogens ( reviewed by Vanlandschoot [ 137 ] ) . Forsman et al . immunized llamas with a recombinant gp120 of subtype B / C ( CN54 ) [ 78 ] . Three different panning strategies against various gp120 resulted in the selection of three nanobodies ( A12 , D7 and C8 ) with neutralizing activity against a limited panel of clade B and C strains ( IC 50 values ranging from 0.003 to 38 μg / mL ) . These nanobodies bound gp120 with affinities from 0.1 to 1 nM and inhibited its binding to CD4 as well as to MAbs known to recognize the gp120 CD4 binding site and , last but not least , competed with each other for gp120 binding . In a follow-up study , Koh et al . described a family-based approach to produce nanobodies similar to A12 and D7 [ 77 ] . They used a degenerated oligonucleotide annealing to the last six codons of CDR3 and framework ( FR ) 4 and an FR1-specific primer to amplify a sublibrary of related V HH clones with properties similar to the parental A12 or D7 V HH . More than 30 phagotopes were tested for their ability to neutralize 3 clade B and 3 clade C strains . All tested V HH displayed similar neutralizing activity against the clade B viruses . Three different neutralization profiles ( Broad A12-like , Intermediate and Narrow D7-like potency ) were observed against the clade C type strains and the breadth of neutralization potency appeared to be correlated to the presence of an YYD motif in the C terminus of A12 CDR3 . When the CDR3 YDD motif from A12 was introduced within D7 , gp120 binding affinity increased by 10 - fold and neutralization of clade C strains increased by 5 - fold . These studies were the first to demonstrate BNtAbs elicited in immunized animals . As V HH are stable and can be produced at a relatively low cost , they are promising HIV-1 inhibitors .

More recently , Koefoed et al . investigated the anti-gp120 Ab repertoire of the circulating gp120-binding IgG-bearing B cells of 22 HIV-1-infected patients by constructing phage displayed Fabs libraries from unselected cells or from cells preselected with immobilized gp120 [ 128 ] . Panning against gp120 selected for a higher number of phagotopes from the preselected library . Clones from the unselected library recognized the V3 loop , while clones from the preselected library targeted the CD4 BS or a CD4-induced epitope encompassing the C1 region . These Fabs displayed no significant differences with respect to epitope specificity , affinity and neutralization ability compared to Fabs obtained from bone marrow libraries , and most of them were unable to neutralize HIV-1 . These results were in accordance with previous findings by Parren et al . ( 1997 ) concluding that the majority of the circulating HIV-1 specific antibodies were elicited by viral debris and were therefore devoid of neutralizing activity [ 129 ] .

These studies were the first to demonstrate that recombinant Fabs ( devoid of the typical IgG contamination residual of calpain cleavage ) featured neutralizing activities similar to those of whole IgG . As the Fabs fragments were easier to produce and their smaller size allowed them to target binding sites that were not accessible to full-length Igs , this led to the construction of many Fab libraries to elucidate the immune response to HIV-1 and to identify therapeutic antibodies .

To improve its affinity , the b12 Fab was submitted to CDR walking , a procedure involving randomization of its CDR and expression of the derived libraries expressed on phages , followed by screening against on gp120 [ 73 ] . Sequential CDR walking of the HCDR1 and HCDR3 domains was performed and four clones were chosen for detailed analysis of their binding affinity and neutralization potency against the IIIb and MN isolates . A Pro96Glu mutation of the HCDR3 was identified in the clone with highest affinity , 3 B3 , which bound IIIb gp120 with an 8 - fold improved affinity ( 0.77 nM ) compared to the parental b12 Fab . Similarly , Fab 3 B3 was able to neutralize four isolates that were insensitive to the parental b12 Fab . The CDR walking mutagenesis strategy was pursued in a subsequent study and a further 420 - fold improvement of the binding affinity of 3 B3 for gp120 was achieved , reaching 15 pM [ 72 ] .

( 2 ) Psi RNA The CD4 binding site represents one of the main Achille 's heels of the virus since it is involved in the earliest step of HIV-1 entry and is conserved in almost all HIV-1 strains [ 126 , 127 ] . Numerous phage display biopannings were performed on gp120 and are classified here according to the type of antibody libraries used .

Upon CD4 receptor binding , glycoprotein gp120 undergoes conformational changes exposing the V3 loop , a region that further interacts with the chemokine receptors CCR5 or CXCR4 thereby promoting viral entry [ 8 ] ( Figure 1 ) . Coreceptor binding leads to the insertion of the gp41 fusion peptide into the cell membrane , the creation of a hairpin loop intermediate and finally the fusion of both viral and cell membranes . The viral capsid then enters the cell and the genetic material is released in the cytoplasm . Most viral strains use only one coreceptor to enter host cells and are classified accordingly as CCR5- ( R5 strains ) or CXCR4-tropic ( X4 strains ) , although viruses with broadened coreceptor usage ( dual-tropic ) have also been described . R5 viruses infect macrophages and CCR5-expressing T lymphocytes , and are mainly associated with transmission . In contrast , X4 viruses infect CXCR4-expressing T-cells and T-cell lines , and often appear at the later stages of infection . The envelope glycoprotein gp120 is composed of variable and more constant regions . Several studies demonstrated that the elicitation or binding of effective neutralizing antibodies are impaired by the gp120 glycan shield or steric hindrance of its constant regions [ 9 ] . Moreover , variable immunodominant domains were shown to be recognized by non-neutralizing antibodies . Nonetheless , it is estimated that 10 % to 30 % of HIV-1-positive subjects develop neutralizing antibodies ( NtAbs ) appearing at least 1 year after infection . Only 1 % of infected patients develop a broad neutralizing response against heterologous virus strains [ 10 ] . Among HIV-1-infected patients , such antibodies arise only rarely and tardily , thus inefficiently controlling viral replication . However , the recent identification of broadly neutralizing antibodies ( BNtAbs ) and mapping of their epitopes fueled interest in the humoral immune response against HIV-1 ( reviewed by Overbaugh [ 11 ] ) .

[ 108 ]

( 2 ) Cyclin T1 [ 107 ]

Another murine antibody ( Mab 2 D7 ) recognizing a conformational epitope on the second ECL of CCR5 [ 67 ] was explored by screening a linear 15 - mer RPL [ 64 ] . Three phagotopes ( M14 , M23 and M71 ) were isolated and one of them ( M23 ) was able to inhibit cell infection by the HIV-1 SF162 isolate . The corresponding peptide ( FCALDGDFGWLAPAC ) fused to the pIII phage coat protein neutralized infection mediated by the JR-FL but not the IIIb strain . The fusion protein specifically bound 2 D7 and was recognized in a dose-dependent manner by three CCR5 chemokine ligands , i.e. , CCL5 ( RANTES ) , CCL3 ( MIP1 ± ) and CCL4 ( MIP1ß ) , confirming its CCR5 mimicry . Six years later , another screening campaign was conducted with a linear 12 - mer RPL on 2 D7 and the EWQKEGLVTLWL sequence of a high-affinity binding peptide was obtained [ 65 ] , revealing that this peptide presented homologies to the N-terminal ( 170 - QKEGL-174 ) and C-terminal regions of the CCR5 ECL2 . Ala substitutions of the TL residues confirmed their crucial role in 2 D7 binding . The selected peptide was used in rabbit immunization studies and elicited Abs with 2 D7-like biological functions , i.e. , which inhibited HIV-1-mediated cell fusion and PBMC infection .

Although they occur at a very low frequency in humans , antibodies targeting host proteins involved in HIV-1 infection have been reported in immunized animals . Given their potential value for viral entry inhibition and the general understanding of this mechanism , RPLs were screened on these MAbs to gain better knowledge of their epitopes ( Table 3 ) . NA : data not available .

Besides the multiple reports on the use of RPL to characterize the humoral response against HIV-1 Env proteins , Gupta et al . evaluated the reliability of using targeted antigen gene fragment libraries for the identification of epitopes recognized by antibodies elicited in rabbits immunized with p24 . To this end , they constructed a phage library composed of DNAse-digested fragments of Gag DNA [ 58 ] . Phagotopes obtained after the first panning round displayed mainly 30 - 40 - mer peptides , 70 % of which mapped to of the N-terminus of p24 ( 150 - 240 of Gag ) and 30 % corresponded to the C-terminal region of p24 ( 310 - 360 of Gag ) . Only one phagotope mapped to the central region of Gag ( 269 - 310 ) . At the end of the second round , selected phages displaying longer inserts of 40 to 50 AA corresponding to the N-and C-terminal regions of Gag were identified , revealing the presence of two distinct antigenic regions in Gag . This study demonstrated that gene-fragment phage display could be used to identify epitopes targeted by polyclonal Abs .

In 2009 , Dieltjens et al . applied the phage display technology to identify the epitopes potentially involved in the BNtAbs response of an HIV-1 CRF02AG-infected individual ( ITM4 ) and to monitor the evolution of humoral response and viral escape through the course of infection [ 56 ] . Biopanning of a 12 - mer RPL against plasma samples from ITM4 resulted in the identification of different peptide sequences . Half of these sequences were homologous to linear epitopes on gp41 , i.e. , the 4E 10 epitope region in the MPER domain ( NWFNLTQTLMPR ) or the lentivirus lytic peptide 2 ( LLP2 ) ( SLxxLRL ) while the other peptides shared homologies with the C1 domain ( KxWWxA ) and the crown of the V3 loop ( Kx 3 IGPHxxY ) of gp120 . Further analysis of the levels of reactivity of the phage groups against ITM4 six-year follow-up samples revealed different temporal patterns of recognition , confirming the dynamic nature of the immune response . Interestingly , the MPER region was the only epitope retaining immunogenic properties during this period .

A similar approach was used by the same authors on a rhesus macaque infected with an SHIV chimera encoding the env of a clade C HIV-1 strain ( SHIV1157ip ) and presenting a broad neutralizing response against homologous SHIV-C as well as heterologous HIV-1 strains of different subtypes [ 61 ] . Biopanning yielded clones similar to gp120 ( V2 and V3 loops or C-terminal domain ) or to regions of gp41 ( ID GKLIC region , other ID regions and MPER domain ) [ 55 ] . Remaining clones showed no significant homology to linear HIV-1 regions and were analyzed with the 3 DEX software , which allowed the identification of a discontinuous mimotope located near the V3 loop crown . The antibodies binding to this phagotope were affinity-purified and subsequent assays demonstrated that recognition was conformation-dependent .

In 2007 , Humbert et al . investigated the immune response of eight LTNP patients presenting BNtAbs . By using linear and constrained RPLs they identified epitopes recognized by plasma IgGs captured on tosylactivated beads [ 54 ] . Each panning round consisted of a positive selection performed on LTNP IgGs followed by a negative selection on the IgGs of healthy donors . Homologies of some selected sequences to immunodominant regions such as the gp120 V3 loop or the gp41 GKLIC region were observed , as reported in previous studies [ 50 , 52 , 53 ] . Further homologies to linear motifs located near the V3 loop ( NNNT ) , downstream of the ID GKLIC region ( AVPW motif ) and overlapping with the 2 F5 BNtAb epitope ( PPWx 3 W motif ) were also identified . Additionally , the authors applied the 3 DEX software to compare the phage insert sequences to HIV-1 protein structure files from the RCSB Protein Data Bank ( www . pdb . org ) [ 59 , 60 ] . Phage pools corresponding to the linear V3 loop , GKLIC domain and WxxxW motif , as well as pools representing potential conformational epitopes , were selected for mice immunization assays , and elicited plasma-associated neutralizing activity against primary HIV-1 strains . The highest neutralizing ability was obtained with mice immunized with the V3 mimotopes , although immunization with potential conformational epitopes also provided a modest neutralizing response .

The BNtAb IgG1 b12 was the first neutralizing MAb selected from a phage-displayed Fab ( antibody fragment composed of one constant and one variable domain of the heavy ( CH1 and VH ) and the light ( CL and VL ) chains linked together ) library derived from an HIV-1-infected donor ( See section 3.1 . 1.1 . 1 . ) [ 41 ] . This antibody recognizes a conformational epitope overlapping the CD4-binding site of gp120 [ 42 ] . Attempts to precisely map the residues interacting with the IgG1 b12 MAb with 15 - mer and 21 - mer RPLs provided no consensus sequence [ 18 ] . As previous screening of 11 cysteine-enriched peptide libraries resulted in the identification of two sequences bearing an SDL motif flanked by one or two cysteine residues ( REKRWIFSDLTHTCI and TCLWSDLRAQCI ) [ 30 ] , Zwick et al . constructed two sublibraries ( x 7 SDLx 3 CI and xCxxSDLx 3 CI ) sharing the SDL motif and reflecting the cysteine content of the two clones [ 29 ] . A B2 . 1 peptide ( HERSYMFSDLENRCI ) containing a unique cysteine bound b12 in Fab as well as IgG1 formats with a much higher affinity than the other clones . Moreover , the phage-borne B2 . 1 peptide was used to screen the Fab library from which b12 was identified . This - reverse panning  experiment showed that B2 . 1 was able to select only the Fab sequence corresponding to b12 , confirming the specificity of the B2 . 1 mimotope towards the b12 Ab . B2 . 1 peptide was immunogenic in mice and rabbits but did not elicit significant anti-gp120 cross-reactive Abs titers .

Based on this study , additional investigations were recently conducted on the BNtAb 2 F5 epitope to assess the importance of structural constraints for MAb 2 F5 recognition [ 26 ] . A linear 12 - mer RPL and a constrained 7 - mer RPL were screened against this antibody and all the sequences selected from the 12 - mer RPL contained the D ( K / R ) W core motif , with flanking residues L , A and S present at different frequencies . Analysis of the sequence representation compared to their estimated probability of occurrence indicated a trend towards enrichment for sequences such as DKWA or LDKWA throughout panning of the 12 - mer library , while all sequences selected from the constrained library contained DKWA or LDKWA . These results demonstrated that the strong epitope specificity postulated by Menendez [ 25 ] is only displayed when the epitope sequence is presented in a certain structural context provided in the constrained 7 - mer peptides . Immunization studies performed with both linear and constrained forms of the peptide in mice and rabbits resulted in the inhibition of cell fusion only with sera of rabbits immunized with the linear peptide .

The isolation of the BNtAb 2 F5 , which interacts with an epitope ( ELDKWA ) located on the gp41 MPER was reported in 1993 [ 39 ] . Conley et al . further characterized this epitope by biopanning a 15 - mer RPL on immobilized 2 F5 Ab . Different sequences were obtained and classified in four groups , whose consensus motifs , DKW , LDxW , ED ( K / R ) W and ELDKW , revealed information on the residues involved in 2 F5 Ab recognition [ 24 ] .

In another study , Laisney et al . investigated the minimal epitopes recognized by two MAbs interacting with the V3 loop , 110 - A and 19.26 . 4 , whose specificity is strictly restricted to the X4-tropic LAI isolate [ 22 ] . The screening of a 6 - mer RPL on the MAb 110 - A allows the selection of numerous sequences with a consensus motif . Binding assays with synthetic peptides further showed that both MAbs reacted with residues 316 - 320 of the LAI gp120 . In this narrow region , the minimal epitope deduced for the MAb 110 - A was HyxRGP , whereas the MAb 19.26 . 4 recognized the xQ ( R / K ) GP motif ( Hy : non-aromatic AA , underlined : AA tolerating substitutions ) . Interestingly , the essential QR residues located at positions 317 - 318 correspond to a QR insertion located upstream of the V3 loop GPGR crown motif that is characteristic of the LAI isolate and may thus explain the restricted specificity of the two MAbs . The same authors screened a 6 - mer RPL on the MAb 268 , specific to the V3 loop of the MN isolate , and identified two groups of sequences [ 23 ] . A representative sequence from the first group ( 268.1 , HLGPGR ) , corresponded to the crown of the V3 loop , a linear epitope , while two sequences of the second group ( 268.2 , KAIHRI and 268.3 , KSLHRH ) , showed no homology to linear HIV-1 epitopes . Both peptides 268.1 and 268.2 nevertheless inhibited the interaction of MAb 268 with gp120 , and were even able to compete with each other for binding to the antibody , indicating that peptide 268.2 was also a mimotope of peptide 268.1 . When conjugated to KLH and injected separately into rabbits , both peptides 268 - 1 and 268 - 2 were able to elicit gp120-reacting antibodies that partially competed with the homologous peptide , confirming that 268.1 and 268.2 peptides are both antigenic and immunogenic mimics of the gp120 MN V3 loop .

Despite the variable success of the phage display technology per se in developing a direct antiviral agent or immune response , this technology continues to contribute precious and otherwise inaccessible developments in the field of HIV-1 research , mainly owing to the ability of phages to display a high density of either single antigens or libraries of antigens / mimotopes . To this regard , phages are being extensively explored to increase immune responsiveness . The latest developments include exploiting the phage as DNA vaccine carrier or hybrid phage and pursuing the symbiotic interplay between phage display and HIV-1 .

Amino acids occupying positions 93 ( Asn ) , 103 ( Ala ) and 323 ( Asn ) that are critical for the ability of CPV to replicate in dogs were found preserved in the stone marten parvovirus . Also , CPVcharacteristic residues at positions Arg-80 , Ser-564 and Gly-568 , together with Asp-426 and Ala-297 , revealed that the stone marten strain is a newCPV-2b virus type ( Fig . 3 and Fig . 4 ) . Bayesian analysis was performed with two complete vp2 nucleotide sequences obtained during this study ( JF422105 and JX411926 ) and thirty five vp2 sequences ( 25 FPLV-like ; ten CPVlike strains ) from different wild carnivore species ( Table S1 , Fig . 5 ) . The stone marten strain from Portugal that was typified as newCPV-2b grouped within the CPV-like cluster , showing the highest genetic proximity with a newCPV-2b leopard strain from Vietnam ( Fig . 5 ) .

Without virus isolation , amplification of the complete vp2 gene ( 2 kb-long ) for molecular characterization of parvoviruses circu- ( Fig . 3 ) . Polypeptide sequences were deduced and the respective amino acid residues occupying informative positions in VP2 protein were compared with the homologous residues of FPLV and CPV , including CPV-2 , CPV-2a , newCPV-2a , CPV-2b , newCPV-2b and CPV-2c variants ( Fig . 4 ) . The complete vp2 sequence from mongoose 22124 - 7 ( JF422105 ) and partial vp2 sequence from mongoose 41220 - 1 showed all characteristic FPLV amino acid residues [ 2 ] , indicating that both are FPLV-like viruses ( Fig . 3 and Fig . 4 ) . Although only a 442 bplong sequence was obtained from mongoose 22124 - 8 ( Fig . 3 ) , amino acids found at positions 426 , 564 and 568 indicate that this strain is also a FPLV-like virus ( Fig . 4 ) . Similarly , the amino acids deduced from partial vp2 sequences obtained from the four red fox specimens ( 41219 - 1 , 41219 - 2 , 41219 - 3 and 5070 ) , showed characteristic FPLV residues at key positions ( Fig . 4 ) .

To determine whether TLR3 was responsible for the increased IL6 levels , we treated cells with siRNAs specific to TLR3 , RIG-I , or a nonspecific control for 48 h prior to the addition of BPEV dsRNA to the cells ( Fig . 1 C ) . RIG-I is a suitable control in this experiment since it also recognizes dsRNA [ 46 ] . Only cells treated with siRNAs to TLR3 had reduced IL6 levels in the presence of BPEV dsRNA ( Fig . 1 C ) . With poly ( I : C ) - induced cells , siRNAs to TLR3 also reduced IL6 production by 5163 % ( n = 4 ) ( data not shown ; [ 18 ] ) . RT-PCR confirmed that the siRNAs did knock down TLR3 mRNA levels in both untreated and poly ( I : C ) treated cells ( Fig . 1 D ) . ODN2006 , which we previously shown to inhibit TLR3 signaling [ 47 ] reduced the IL6 levels in the presence of poly ( I : C ) to less than 20 % of the control reaction ( data not shown ) while EGCG , an inhibitor of RIG-I [ 48 ] had no effect on IL-6 production in the presence of poly ( I : C ) ( data not shown ) . Thus , while the viral dsRNAs are poor TLR3 agonists , the low level of cytokine production by BEAS-2B cells was primarily due to the activation of TLR3 . These results form the basis of the hypothesis to be tested in this work : the activation of TLR3 by viral dsRNA requires additional factors .

In this work , we determined that viral dsRNA-binding proteins could substitute for LL37 in activating signaling by TLR3 . Furthermore , the proteins promoted more efficient recognition of viral dsRNAs . The recombinant polymerases from the Hepatitis C virus ( HCV ) and three viral capsid proteins were characterized in this study .

We also demonstrated that two dsRNA-binding proteins that can enhance TLR3 signaling can colocalize with TLR3 in endosomes . Whether the dsRNA-binding proteins facilitate binding of the dsRNA by the TLR3 or the uptake of dsRNA to endosomes remain to be determined . However , it is known that TLR3 binds to linear dsRNA [ 61 ] . TLR3 , unlike the RIG-I-Iike receptors [ 62 ] , lacks helicase activity to unravel the tertiary interactions that could stabilize the dsRNA . The dsRNA-binding proteins could disrupt the tertiary structure in the dsRNAs to facilitate recognition of the dsRNA by TLR3 . Electron microscopy revealed that LL37 decreases the particle size of the primarily globular poly ( I : C ) and results in more filamentous structures [ 18 ] . With the second scenario , the dsRNA-binding proteins could facilitate entry of the viral dsRNAs into endosomes , perhaps by increasing the interaction with trafficking chaperones , such as scavenger receptors [ 51 ] , but these RNA-binding proteins likely need to complex and bring dsRNA to endosome in order for TLR3 activation to occur . The net effect is an increase in the concentration of ligand available to TLR3 . Further studies will be required to unravel the complex requirements whereby the dsRNA-binding protein activate TLR3 signaling .

Karioko et al . [ 17 ] have observed the activation of TLR3 signaling in cultured cells with complex ligand mixtures , such as nucleic acids fractions from necrotic cells . However , we have anecdotally observed that highly purified RNAs , including necrotic RNAs , are poor activators of TLR3 in cultured cells when compared to the synthetic dsRNA analog , poly ( I : C ) . These observations suggest that intrinsic features within dsRNAs can influence signaling by TLR3 . Also , component ( s ) in addition to the dsRNAs are needed to activate TLR3 . The antimicrobial peptide LL37 and other peptides that can bind dsRNA were recently found to enhance the TLR3 response to poly ( I : C ) and viral dsRNAs [ 18 ] . Since viral RNAs exist as complexes with proteins , we wanted to determine whether viral proteins could act to modulate TLR3 signaling .

The chemical features in dsRNA that are recognized by TLR3 are poorly understood . The difference between what makes poly ( I : C ) a good TLR3 agonist in the absence of RNA-binding proteins and what makes the viral dsRNAs inferior ones will require in-depth analysis . We believe that this work identifies conditions that will facilitate these efforts . Based on our current results , Reovirus S4 dsRNA made by in vitro transcription is as potent a TLR3 agonist as the genomic dsRNA extracted from Reovirus virions , suggesting that no obvious posttranscriptional modifications are required to activate TLR3 signaling . Another feature of poly ( I : C ) that may obviate the need for viral proteins or LL37 may be that the inosine-cytosine base pair has only two Hbonds . We observed that poly ( A : U ) is also an excellent agonist for TLR3 in the absence of LL37 and viral protein ( Fig . S1A ) . However , weaker base pairing alone is unlikely to provide the full explanation for poly ( I : C ) being such a potent agonist ; poly ( G : U ) , which also has two H-bonds per base pair , is a poor agonist for TLR3 signaling in the absence of viral dsRNA proteins ( Fig . S1A ) .

The HCV polymerase 1 bD21 co-localized with TLR3 in endosomes ( Fig . 5 ) . The BMV CP has also been shown to enter barley cells through macropinocytosis and localize to punctate spots within the cytoplasm that are suggestive of endosomes [ 53 ] . The HBV capsid can also enter cells , although permeabilization of the cells with digitonin was required [ 55 ] . We seek to determine whether the capsid proteins can localize to endosomes that contain TLR3 , using the R-cp as an example . 2 h after the addition of Rcp to the media of BEAS-2B cells , R-cp was found close to the plasma membrane , with a small proportion of the signal localizing in endosomes ( Fig . S5 ) . At 6 h after R-cp addition , the majority of the signal was within endosomes ( Fig . 7 ) . Immunostaining to detect TLR3 revealed an extensive co-localization of R-cp ( Fig . 7 ) .

Toll-like Receptor 3 ( TLR3 ) , the focus of this study , is composed of a large ligand-binding ectodomain , a transmembrane helix , and a signaling Toll / IL-1 receptor homology ( TIR ) domain [ 11 , 12 ] . The ectodomain contains 23 leucine-rich repeats flanked with cysteine-rich caps and a bipartite motif , both of which are critical for ligand binding [ 13 , 14 ] . TLR3 localizes to either the plasma membrane or acidic endosomes , the latter was presumed to be the site of high affinity binding to dsRNA [ 15 , 16 ] . Ligand binding induces the TLR3 dimer to orient the two TIR domains to recruit adaptor proteins and activate signal transduction [ 6 , 14 ] .

The conformation of 2 aD21 can affect dsRNA-dependent TLR3 signaling 2 aD21 differs from 1 bD21 in the relative amounts of product generated from de novo initiated RNA synthesis or extension from a primed template ( Fig . 4 A ) . 2 aD21 produced high levels of de novo initiated RNA when compared to the primer extension products while 1 bD21 produced similar amounts of the two products ( Fig . 4 A ) . In this assay , de novo initiated RNA synthesis was determined with template LE19P , whose 39 terminal puromycin prevents primer extension , while primer extension used template PE46 , which contains a partially double-stranded hairpin structure that can be extended by the polymerase . The products of the two modes of RNA synthesis demonstrate whether a single or a partially duplexed RNAs are bound in the template channel of the polymerase [ 24 ] [ 25 ] [ 26 ] . Furthermore , products from the two templates are associated with two distinct polymerase conformations : a structurally closed conformation can initiate better by a de novo mechanism or a more open conformation that favors primer extension [ 26 ] . Notably , the crystal structure of 2 aD21 has a more closed conformation than that of 1 bD21 due to additional interactions between the D1 loop and the thumb subdomain of the polymerase [ 29 ] .

The viral proteins that did not significantly increase cytokine production include the polymerase from HCV genotype 2 a Figure 1 . A comparison of viral dsRNAs and poly ( I : C ) for activation of TLR3 . A ) Effects of various potential TLR3 ligands on IL6 production by BEAS-2B cells . All of the RNAs were added to the culture media . Poly ( I : C ) ( pIC ) was added to 0.13 mg / ml and the other RNAs were added at 0.13 to 0.3 mg / ml . IL6 was quantified in an aliquot of clarified cell medium , and the total amount of IL6 was normalized to the total medium volume . The data shown is the mean 6 SEM , with the number of assays in parentheses : pIC ( n = 23 ) , Reovirus dsRNA ( ReoV , n = 9 ) , Reovirus S4 dsRNA ( S4 ; n = 28 ) , BPEV ( n = 6 ) , JFH1 ( n = 3 ) . B ) A comparison of the effects of viral dsRNAs and poly ( I : C ) in HEK 293 T cells transfected to express the WT TLR3 or a ligandbinding mutant , H539E . Activation of TLR3 was measured by the ratio of the firefly luciferase driven by an ISRE promoter element to a constitutivelyexpressed Renilla luciferase [ 47 ] . Each bar represents the mean value of three replicates , with the range for one standard error shown above the bars . C ) TLR3 is required for the increase in IL6 production in response to BPEV dsRNA . BEAS2B cells were transfected with a control nonspecific siRNA ( nsRNA ) , a set of three siRNAs to TLR3 ( siTLR3 ) , or a siRNA to RIG-I ( siRIG-I ) , grown for 48 h before addition of BPEV dsRNA ( 0.3 mg / ml ) to the culture media . D ) RT-PCR results demonstrating that the siRNA targeting TLR3 decreased the abundance of the TLR3 message . BEAS2B cells were transfected with either control nonspecific siRNA or siRNAs to TLR3 . After 48 h , cells were exposed to media alone ( f ) or to poly ( I : C ) at 0.13 mg / ml . RT-PCR was performed to determine fold induction of TLR3 mRNA above media 18 h later . Data is presented as a percent of the result from the nonspecific siRNA . doi : 10.137 1 / journal . pone . 0025837 . g001 ( 2 aD21 ) , the truncated HBV CP ( H-cp149 ) , and the SARS-CoV Nsp15 ( Fig . 2 A and 2 B ) . The Nsp15 used in this experiment is a catalytic-inactive version of an endoribonuclease that binds and preferentially cleaves ssRNAs [ 49 ] . Identical results were obtained with the WT Nsp15 , hence the enzymatic activity of Nsp15 is not a factor in the response ( data not shown ) . These results show that a subset of the RNA-binding proteins is more competent in enhancing TLR3 signaling . The activities of the HCV polymerases and the viral capsids will be analyzed in turn below .

Viral nucleic acids are agonists for innate receptors that can activate anti-viral responses [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] . The receptors include the RIG-I-like receptors that are localized to the cell cytoplasm and several membrane-associated Toll-like receptors [ 5 , 6 ] . Mutations in these receptors have been correlated with pathologies in viral infections in humans [ 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 ] . Understanding how the innate immune receptors can interact with agonists will be important for the detection and response to viral infections .

We used CATCH to design a probe set that targets all viral species reported to infect humans ( V ALL ) , which could be used to achieve more sensitive metagenomic sequencing of viruses from human samples . V ALL encompasses 356 species ( 86 genera , 31 families ) , and we designed it using genomes available from NCBI GenBank 29 , 30 ( Supplementary Table 1 ) . We constrained the number of probes to 350,000 , significantly fewer than the number used in studies with comparable goals 18 , 19 , reducing the cost of synthesizing probes that target diversity across hundreds of viral species . The design output by CATCH contained 349,998 probes ( Fig . 1 c ) . This design represents comprehensive coverage of the input sequence diversity under conservative choices of parameter values , e.g. , tolerating few mismatches between probe and target sequence ( Fig . 1 d ) . To compare the performance of V ALL against probe sets with lower complexity , we separately designed three focused probe sets for commonly co-circulating viral infections : measles and mumps viruses ( V MM ; 6,219 probes ) , Zika and chikungunya viruses ( V ZC ; 6,171 probes ) , and a panel of 23 species ( 16 genera , 12 families ) circulating in West Africa ( V WAFR ; 44,995 probes ) ( Supplementary Fig . 3 , Supplementary Table 1 ) .

replicates of the same library . Á C indicates concordance correlation coefficient between preand post-capture frequencies .

The latest version of CATCH and its full source code is available at https://github.com/ broadinstitute / catch under the terms of the MIT license . For designing the V ALL probe set , we used CATCH v0 . 5.0 ( available in the repository on GitHub ) . ( a ) Sketch of CATCH 's approach to probe design , shown with three datasets ( typically , each is a taxon ) . For each dataset d , CATCH generates candidate probes by tiling across input genomes and , optionally , reduces the number of them using locality-sensitive hashing . Then , it determines a profile of where each candidate probe will hybridize ( the genomes and regions within them ) under a model with parameters ̧ d ( see Supplementary Fig . 1 b for details ) . Using these coverage profiles , it approximates the smallest collection of probes that fully captures all input genomes ( described in text as s ( d , ̧ d ) ) . Given a constraint on the total number of probes ( N ) and a loss function over ̧ d , it searches for optimal ̧ d for all d .

To assess how the amount of viral content detected increases with sequencing depth ( Supplementary Fig . 7 b , c ) , we used data from the Ebola dilution series on 10 3 and 10 4 copies . At these input amounts , both technical replicates , with and without capture and in both 30 ng and 300 ng of background , yielded at least 2 million sequencing reads . For each combination of input copies , background amount , technical replicate , and whether capture was used , we downsampled all raw reads to n = { 1 , 10 , 100 , 1000 , 10000 , 100000 , 200000 , 300000 , & , 1900000 , 2000000 } reads . For each n , we performed this downsampling 5 times . We depleted reads with viral-ngs , aligned depleted reads to the EBOV reference genome ( Supplementary Table 5 ) , and counted the number aligned , as described above . We plotted the number of aligned reads for each subsampling amount in Supplementary Fig . 7 b and c , where shaded regions are 95 % pointwise confidence bands calculated across the 5 downsampling replicates .

We performed demultiplexing and data analysis of all sequencing runs using viral-ngs v1 . 17.0 68,69 with default settings , except where described below . To enable comparisons between pre-and post-capture results , we downsampled all raw reads to 200,000 reads using SAMtools 70 . We performed all analyses on downsampled data sets unless otherwise stated . We chose this number as 90 % of all samples sequenced on the MiSeq ( among the 30 patient and environmental samples used for validation ) were sequenced to a depth of at least 200,000 reads . For those few low coverage samples for which we did not obtain > 200,000 reads , we performed all analyses using all available reads unless otherwise noted ( Supplementary Table 3 ) . Downsampling normalizes sequencing depth across runs and allows us to more readily evaluate the effectiveness of capture on genome assembly ( i.e. , the fraction of the genome we can assemble ) than an approach such as comparing viral reads per million . It also allows us to more readily compare unique content ( see below ) . A statistic like unique viral reads per unique million reads can be distorted based on sequencing depth in the presence of a high fraction of viral PCR duplicate reads : sequencing to a lower depth can inflate the value of this statistic compared to sequencing to a higher depth .

The constraint N on the number of probes in the union is specified by the user ; this is the number of probes to synthesize , and might be determined based on synthesis cost and / or array size . CATCH solves this using the barrier method with a logarithmic barrier function . By default , we use the following loss function for each d :

CATCH computes s ( d , ̧ d ) using the canonical greedy solution to the set cover problem 25 , 26 , which likely provides close to the best achievable approximation 64 . In this approximationpreserving reduction , each candidate probe p is treated as a set whose elements represent the bases in the target sequences covered by p . The universe of elements is then all the bases across all the target sequences - - i.e. , what it seeks to cover . To implement the algorithm efficiently , CATCH operates on sets of intervals rather than base positions and applies other techniques to improve performance for this problem .

CATCH produces a set of " candidate " probes from the input sequences in d by stepping along them according to a specified stride ( Fig . 1 a ) . Optionally , CATCH uses localitysensitive hashing 27 , 28 ( LSH ) to reduce the number of candidate probes , which is particularly useful when the input is a large number of highly similar sequences . CATCH supports two LSH families : one under Hamming distance 27 and another using the MinHash technique 28 , 51 , which has been used in metagenomic applications 52 , 53 . It detects nearduplicate candidate probes by performing approximate near neighbor search 28 using a specified family and distance threshold . CATCH constructs hash tables containing the candidate probes and then queries each ( in descending order of multiplicity ) to find and collapse near-duplicates . Because LSH reduces the space of candidate probes , it may remove candidate probes that would otherwise be selected in steps described below , thereby increasing the size of the output probe set . Use of LSH to reduce the number of candidate probes is optional in our implementation of CATCH ; we did not use it to produce the probe sets in this work . The approach of detecting near-duplicates among probes ( and subsequently mapping them onto sequences , described below ) bears some similarity to the use of P-clouds for clustering related oligonucleotides in order to identify diverse repetitive regions in the human genome 54 , 55 .

CATCH is a versatile approach that could also be used to design oligonucleotide sequences for capturing non-viral microbial genomes or for uses other than whole genome enrichment . Capture-based approaches have successfully been used to enrich whole genomes of eukaryotic parasites such as Plasmodium 45 and Babesia 46 , as well as bacteria 47 . Because designs from CATCH scale well with our growing knowledge of genomic diversity 20,21 , it is particularly well-suited for designing probes to target any microbes that have a high degree of diversity . This includes many bacteria , which , like viruses , have high variation even within species 48 . Beyond microbes , CATCH could benefit studies in other areas that use capture-based approaches , such as the detection of previously characterized fetal and tumor DNA from cell-free material 49 , 50 , in which known targets of interest may represent a small fraction of all material and for which it may be useful to rapidly design new probe sets for enrichment as novel targets are discovered . Moreover , CATCH can identify conserved regions or regions suitable for differential identification , which can help in the design of PCR primers and CRISPR-Cas13 crRNA guides for nucleic acid diagnostics .

The CADLI is a validated tool for the assessment of indicated body regions , integrating the severity and extent of the lesion ( s ) in a determined area . Scores from 0 ( normal ) to 5 ( most severe ) were obtained , yielding a final score of 0 - 50 based on the criteria established by plant [ 37 ] . To assess pruritis , the dog owners used the pruritus index which is a visual analog scale ranging from 0 ( no pruritus ) to 10 ( extremely severe pruritus ) including features of severity and behavior [ 38 ] .

The dogs were evaluated for clinical lesions using the CAD Lesion Index ( CADLI ) and the pruritus index to record the extent and severity of lesions immediately before the pre-treatment and at 6 weeks of post-treatment .

To evaluate whether a stem cell treatment is safe , patients were monitored by both , physical examinations and laboratory tests , after treatment and during the study period . The absence of adverse events , graded according to the Veterinary cooperative oncology group-common terminology criteria for adverse events ( VCOG-CTCAE ) version 1.0 [ 36 ] , was considered safety outcomes . An assessment of ( 1 ) local inflammation ( heat , swelling , and function deterioration ) in addition to the presence of new ulcers and worsening of existing ones ; ( 2 ) systemic damage ; and ( 3 ) any serious adverse events , leading to hospitalization or death was undertaken . At the same time , the clinical evidence of a decrease and / or absence of the most relevant initial characteristics related to atopic dermatitis and / or its comorbid conditions , recognized through the corresponding indexes were considered efficacies .

The multipotentiality of MSCs was determined by establishing the differentiation capacity in three lineages . For this purpose , ASCs ( 5 × 10 3 / cm 2 ) from the 5 th passage were cultured with DMEM-F12 medium with 10 % FBS and 1 % antibiotics ( penicillin / streptomycin / amphotericin B ) for 48 h at 37 ° C , 5 % CO 2 , and 95 % humidity in 12 - well cell culture plates containing covers treated with poly-L-lysine 0.1 % and sterilized by ultraviolet exposure for 12 h .

The cells were cultured in a humidified incubator at 37 ° C at 5 % CO 2 . After 3 days , the wells were washed 3 - 4 times with PBS and the medium was recharged . Cells in the developing adherent layer were cultured for 9 - 12 days , changing the culture medium every 3 days . After reaching 80 % of cell confluence in the developing adherent layer ( primary ASCs ) , the cells were detached using Trypsin-EDTA ( 0.05 % Trypsin-0 . 5 mM EDTA ; Sigma-Aldrich , St . Louis MO , USA ) for 3 min , neutralized with the same volume of DMEM medium with 10 % ( FBS , Gibco , Thermo Fisher Scientific ) , and centrifuged at 800 rpm for 5 min . The cells were expanded by successive passages , up to passage 5 .

Nucleotide sequence accession number . The complete genome sequence of HPV-Fin864 is available in GenBank under the accession no . KC311731 .

stranded circular DNA viruses . Human papillomaviruses ( HPVs ) are highly diverse and have been classified into five genera , each made of multiple species that are further divided into types ( 1 ) . A subset of HPVs cause anogenital or head and neck cancers ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) , while others cause noncancerous skin growths . Other HPVs are commonly found on healthy human skin ( 5 ) . Here , we describe a novel papillomavirus genome from a viral metagenomic analysis of a nasal swab from an elderly Finnish patient who was hospitalized due to a respiratory infection of unknown origin ( negative for metapneumovirus , adenovirus , coronavirus , influenza virus , parainfluenza virus , respiratory syncytial virus , rhinovirus , and bocavirus 1 ) ( 6 ) . A complete circular DNA viral genome was amplified using PCR and inverse PCR with primers designed from 454 pyrosequences showing significant BLASTn matches to HPVs . The circular genome ( HPV-Fin864 ) was 7,247 bp , with a GéC content of 37 % . Seven distinct open reading frames ( ORFs ) were identified on the same coding strand , including the early genes E6 , E7 , E1 , E2 , and E4 and the late genes L2 and L1 . The long control region ( LCR ) between the L1 and E6 ORFs was 413 bp long , containing the TATA box ( TATAAA ) and four consensus E2-binding sites ( ACC-AGAAGC-GGT [ ACC-X6-GGT ] ) ( 7 ) . Two characteristic zinc-binding domains ( C-X2-C-X29-C-X2-C ) separated by 37 amino acids were identified in E6 and one was identified in E7 ( 8 ) . The E1 protein contained the nucleotide-binding domain of the helicase ( GPPGTGKS [ G-X4-GKT / S ] ) ( 9 ) . The E1 protein contained a cyclin interaction RXL motif required for viral replication ( 10 ) .

CD4 + T cells exhibit considerable heterogeneity in activation status ( e.g. , resting or activated ) and expression of surface molecules important for HIV infection ( including the HIV coreceptors CCR5 and CXCR4 ) in human penile [ 21 ] , foreskin [ 22 , 23 ] , cervical [ 24 , 25 ] , and rectal [ 26 ] tissue . In addition , various studies that stain for CD4 + T cells in uninfected genital mucosal tissue , such as cervical tissue [ 27 ] and human foreskin [ 22 ] , indicate that T cells vary in their spatial distribution and the extent to which they form clusters . Cell density and spatial arrangement have been identified as important sources of heterogeneity among cells that can affect virus spread in vitro [ 8 , [ 28 ] [ 29 ] [ 30 ] . Indeed , imaging studies exploring the dynamics of virus spread in a model of sexual transmission to female nonhuman primates indicate that virus spreads unevenly among clusters of cells in the endocervix [ 9 ] . Cells in these clusters tend to be in close proximity , and if cell-tocell transmission is far more efficient than cell-free transmission , as some studies suggest [ 31 ] , then a cell that is physically touching its neighbors could generate more secondary infections than a cell that is not close enough to others to transmit virus by direct contact [ 8 ] . Thus , heterogeneity in cell distribution and clustering inside the body could generate wide variation in the efficiency of virus transmission from cell to cell and in ICRN .

For a population of HIV-infected cells inside the body , the basic reproductive number , R 0 ( a population average ) , has been quantified [ 20 ] . As with individual humans inside a population , however , empirical evidence indicates that individual human cells inside a population are also heterogeneous [ 12 ] , varying in their contact with one another , their ability to become infected ( permissivity ) , and also in whether and to what extent they transmit infectious virus to other cells during their infectious period . Such heterogeneity among CD4 + T cells in the genital mucosa of a single individual could generate a skewed distribution in the individual cellular reproductive number , or ICRN , in the context of HIV infection . Here we review evidence for heterogeneity among CD4 + T cells that could lead to wide variation in ICRN and possibly give rise to cellular superspreaders .

In this review , we have applied epidemiological concepts of disease spread specifically to explore unsolved questions regarding establishment of the HIV founder strain and the low infection-to-exposure ratio of infection after sexual transmission . We suggest that these concepts may also be applied more broadly to explain the documented existence of HIV founder strains after transmission via injection drug use and from mother to child [ 59 ] since CD4 + T cells in the blood of healthy , uninfected individuals are also heterogeneous , with only a very small subset exhibiting an activated or replicating phenotype [ 84 ] .

Such a founding superspreader infection event would parallel , for example , the dynamics that governed the SARS outbreak in Singapore , giving rise to an epidemic despite a low individual reproductive number for most individuals . As shown in Figure 1 , infection of a single superspreading individual ( labeled as ' ' 1 ' ' ) triggered the SARS outbreak in Singapore in 2003 .

I began with analogy between aphids killing fir and hemlocks and human pandemic diseases . I close with another anal-ogy between ecosystems and pandemics . On a field trip examining the aftermath of the massive 1988 Yellowstone fires in the company of fire ecologists , I asked whether this or that fire was caused by lightning or by careless humans . An ecologist replied : It makes no difference whether the source of ignition was a human match or a lightning bolt . The cause of the fire was the overload of fuel building up from decades of fire suppression . Yellowstone was a fire waiting to happen ; if a camper does not ignite it this year , a lightning bolt will next year , or the year after that . Put the lodgepole under stressed fuel load , and you will get a fire , later if not sooner .

Wild animals are estimated to be the source of more than 70 percent of all emerging human infections [ 24 ] . Culling wild animals is more difficult , especially in developing nations . But hunting pressures on such animals may be increased . Often the killing in the wild is by reverse contamination . This spread of contagion is a two-way street . Recent quantitative analysis finds that anthropogenic introduction of pathogens ( called " pathogen pollution " ) may account for 60 percent of the emerging diseases of wildlife [ 38 ] . Endangered wildlife populations can be pushed to the brink of extinction by these links generating new stresses as a result of commercial pressures , and , under fear of emerging pathogens , efforts in surveillance and control [ 39 ] .

Nor is the overkill simply among domestic animals , since the wild vectors of the disease now also fall under suspicion . If waterfowl are sources of new pathogens , one approach would be to exercise much more care in allowing wild and domestic fowl to interact . An equally effective and perhaps cheaper plan would be to kill the wild birds in the area . Often , however , it is not known how a pathogen is being spread , whether in wild populations or in domestic populations . In the case of the H5N1 avian influenza virus , both migrating wild and commercially transported domestic birds are variously implicated . The significance of the transmission routes is still under debate . Sorting out the vectors is difficult for complex reasons . The disease spread poorly fits the migration routes ; migrating birds are healthy enough to fly and typically asymptomatic [ 23 ] . Culling wild birds would be premature on the basis of present knowledge .

Lungs were prepared from infected mice and immersionfixed for 24 h in 4 % buffered formaldehyde solution ( pH 7.4 ) , dehydrated in a series of graded ethanol and embedded in paraffin . Sections were cut from five evenly distributed levels and stained with haematoxylin and eosin . For each group ( KO and WT , virus ) , three mice were studied and five sections per mouse were analysed for inflammation using a semi-quantitative scoring system from 0 = none , 1 = mildly , 2 = moderately , 3 = severely increased cellular infiltration . In addition , bronchiolar structures with and without epithelial cell necrosis were counted on one section to calculate percentages of affected bronchi .

The replacement of only the HA-loop was not sufficient to overcome the resistant phenotype of Tmprss2 À / À mice . However , replacement of the HA-loop and additional replacement of a distant amino acid , E31 by aspartic acid from H3-HA , strongly increased mortality of Tmprss2 À / À mice after infection [ virus PR8 _ HA ( D-MVEKT ) ] . The increase in pathology was due to a higher viral replication and increased lung epithelial damage which was comparable to WT mice infected with this virus . E31 is predicted to interact with R321 of the HA-loop in H1-HA . The exchange of E31 and accompanied changes of the HA protease recognition site could lead to an altered accessibility of the HAloop for other proteases than TMPRSS2 in [ PR8 _ HA ( D-MVEKT ) ] . Several in vitro studies also suggested that the exchange of the HA-loop itself does not necessarily lead to productive HA processed by matriptase protease [ 18 ] . Furthermore , when the cleavage site of an H1-HA was exchanged by the amino acid sequence RSSR , matriptase was still unable to cleave the HA-loop . Similarly , an H9-HA carrying the minimal furin cleavage motif was not cleaved by furin [ 19 ] . Further studies are thus needed to address the role of additional proteases and requirements for a fully functional HA processing . The importance of a distant amino acid on the pathogenicity of an H3 virus had been shown before by exchanging amino acid 8 in HA resulting in the loss of a glycosylation site and increased pathogenicity [ 13 , 20 ] . In addition , it was shown that cleavage by TMPRSS2 results in a less glycosylated HA 1 compared to cleavage by trypsin or TMPRSS4 [ 8 ] . Thus , our in vivo study confirms previous in vitro analyses demonstrating the role of loop and distant amino acids for viral replication .

to HA 1 + HA 0 was calculated and the mean depicted ( Fig . 8 c ) . After infection with PR8 , 22 % of HA was cleaved in WT mice , but only 7 % in Tmprss2 À / À mice . As described above , HA of HK was cleaved in WT ( 31 % ) and Tmprss2 À / À mice ( 15 % ) ( Fig . 8 b ) . Likewise , the HA of PR8 _ HA ( D-MVEKT ) was cleaved in both WT ( 19 % ) and Tmprss2 À / À mice ( 14 % ) , which correlates with its high replication rate and pathogenicity ( Fig . 8 a ) . These results were confirmed in the Western blots of viral proteins from bronco-alveolar lavages ( BAL ; Fig . S3 ) .

The major vector-borne infectious diseases of dogs and cats that also infect man are summarized in Table 1 . Of single greatest significance is zoonotic visceral leishmaniosis caused by Leishmania infantum ( L . chagasi ) for which the domestic dog is the major reservoir for human infection via sandfly transmission . The disease is endemic in many countries throughout southern Europe , the Americas , northern Africa and Asia and high proportions of dogs in these areas are exposed to and often infected by the pathogen . Recent WHO estimates suggest that worldwide up to 12 million people are infected , with 2 million new cases identified annually and a population of some 350 million people at risk of infection ; the risk of infection is significantly enhanced in HIV-infected individuals [ 12 ] . Control of leishmaniosis represents one of the greatest challenges for One Health and provides a clear example for the necessity of human and veterinary medicine to work together to develop strategies for management and elimination of this disease . Such measures have already occurred in the endemic focus of disease occurring in Brazil where the Ministry of Health oversees a programme of serologically testing dogs and culling positive animals [ 13 ] . Two commercially available vaccines for dogs have become available in Brazil and should form an important part of the control strategy . Data have already been published that show that where vaccination is widely practiced , the prevalence of both canine and human infection decreases due to reduced transmission of the organism [ 14 ] .

Less well-publicized are the remaining infectious diseases shared by man and dogs and cats that are well-summarized in a new text edited by Rabinowitz and Conti [ 11 ] . The present review is written in association with the 6 th World Forum on Canine Vector-Borne Diseases and those of zoonotic potential will be highlighted in the section following .

There is no better example of this than rabies infection , which despite its long historical documentation , remains as much an issue today as at any time in history . Recent WHO estimates suggest that at least 55,000 people die each year from rabies infection ; that 95 % of these deaths occur in the developing nations of Asia and Africa and that 99 % of cases are transmitted by dogs [ 10 ] . The significance of rabies virus infection is promoted through initiatives such as World Rabies Day http://www.worldrabiesday.org/ and the Afya vaccination programme in Africa http://www.afya.org/ and in September 2011 the OIE , WHO and FAO will host a Global Conference on Rabies Control in Seoul , Republic of Korea .

From the beginnings summarized above , One Health has now expanded rapidly with endorsement by numerous medical and veterinary organizations . The major focus of these proponents has been the very high-impact interactions between human and production animal and wildlife health with global zoonotic disease pandemics and ' emerging ' infectious diseases deemed to have arisen in these animal species . Many of the best examples of such infections are viral , where virus mutation or re-assortment permits extension of the target host range ( e.g. SARS coronavirus , H5N1 and H1N1 influenza virus , Nipah virus , Hendra virus , human immunodeficiency virus [ HIV ] ) , but the role of parasitic diseases in One Health has also been discussed [ 7 , 8 ] . The impact of environmental change ( e.g. climate change , deforestation and urbanization ) and lifestyle change including the increase in global human and animal movement [ 9 ] has also become part of the One Health concept .

programme [ 28 ] . The committee is chaired by the author and includes academic experts on small animal zoonotic infection ( including rabies , leishmaniosis and vector-borne diseases ) , first opinion veterinary practitioner representation and delegates from the OIE and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) in the USA . The committee is funded by the WSAVA Foundation through sponsorship by a consortium of the pet food and small animal pharmaceutical industry and commenced a three year programme of work in January 2011 .

In summary , the overall challenges for the One Health agenda in addressing these vector-borne diseases are several : ( 1 ) promoting awareness and ability to recognize these diseases by the human and veterinary medical professions , ( 2 ) undertaking ' joined-up ' research programmes that investigate the agents , their vectors and epidemiology , geographical distribution , clinical significance and pathogenesis , ( 3 ) developing robust diagnostic tests and surveillance systems for mapping these infectious agents and their vectors globally , ( 4 ) identifying diseases for which domestic pet animals are true reservoirs of human infection ( e.g. leishmaniosis ) and formulating public health strategies that effectively control the disease in the reservoir ( e.g. stray dog control , ectoparasiticide treatment , vaccination ) in addition to the human patient , ( 5 ) investigating the contact between pet animals and peridomestic wildlife species that may act as true reservoirs of these diseases and developing strategies to minimize such contact , ( 6 ) promoting awareness of these diseases in the pet-owning public and the importance of regular ectoparasite control programmes for their pets and their domestic environment , and ( 7 ) identifying the risks and challenges imposed by increasing global mobility of pet animals and developing strategies to minimize the associated movement of zoonotic infectious disease .

Bartonellosis should be regarded as one of the major potential emerging infections of man . Most is known about ' cat scratch disease ' caused primarily by Bartonella henselae acquired directly from an infected cat and mostly likely transmitted between cats by the cat flea Ctenocephalides felis [ 21 ] [ 22 ] [ 23 ] . This infection becomes particularly significant in immunocompromised individuals ( e.g.

Borreliosis ( Lyme disease ) is a significant disease of people in endemic areas ( particularly in Europe and North America ) associated with avian and wildlife reservoirs and Ixodes spp . ticks . The major species infecting man and companion animals are Borrelia burgdorferi sensu stricto ( in North America ) and B . garinii and B . afzelii ( in Europe ) [ 19 ] . Infected dogs and cats pose minimal threat to man , but do provide a means by which infected ticks can be carried into the domestic environment . There is also a risk of human infection should ticks be crushed during removal from a pet animal and tick salivary gland material be exposed to wounds on the hands of an owner . The dog in particular might be employed as a ' sentinel ' for monitoring the risk of human disease in an endemic area [ 20 ] .

Mice were sacrificed 3 days after the last injection and their splenocytes were prepared for fusion . The fusion was performed as previously described [ 9 ] . Briefly , the splenocytes ( 7 × 10 7 cells ) were fused with 2 × 10 7 Sp2 / 0 - Ag14 cells using 50 % polyethylene glycol 4000 ( PEG4000 ) . The cells were incubated at 37 ° C for 10 days in cDMEM containing hypoxanthine-aminopterin-thymidine ( HAT ) . Subsequently , the cells were incubated with cDMEM containing hypoxanthine-thymidine ( HT ) . After 15 days , the cell supernatants were screened for Ab-secreting hybridomas using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay ( ELISA ) . For production of MAbs , the Ab-secreting hybridomas were diluted to make less than a single cell per well using the limiting dilution sub-culture method [ 11 ] . PEG4000 , HAT and HT were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich ( St . Louis , MO , USA ) .

For intramuscular ( IM ) - electroporation ( EP ) delivery of DNA vaccines , mice were injected intramuscularly with 50 μg of pcDNA3-GP per mouse in a final volume of 50 μL of phosphate-buffered saline ( PBS ) using a 31 - gauge needle . The injections were followed by EP at 0.2 volts for 4 seconds using Cellectra of GeneOne Life Science ( Seoul , Korea ) in accordance with the manufacturer 's protocol . Plasmid DNA was produced in bacteria and purified using endotoxin-free Qiagen kits according to the manufacturer 's protocol ( Qiagen , Valencia , CA , USA ) . For delivery of recombinant GP , mice were injected intraperitoneally with 20 μg of GP per mouse emulsified in 400 μL of incomplete Freund 's adjuvant . Mice were also injected intravenously with 20 μg of recombinant GP per mouse in a final volume of 200 μL of PBS .

HEK293 cells were transfected with 2 1 ⁄ 4 g of pcDNA3-GP using JetPEI transfection reagents ( Polyplus-transfection Inc . , New York , NY , USA ) . One day after DNA transfection , the cells were treated with G418 at the concentration of 400 1 ⁄ 4 g / mL .

In this study , we obtained five monoclonal IgG antibodies by an immunization scheme using Ebola virus GP DNA and protein vaccines . The antibodies showed binding activity to the native forms of GP expressed on the cell surface or the mucin-like region of GP , but not the denatured form of GP . They also reacted specifically with GP , and remained reactive to GP at the lowest tested concentrations ranging from 1.953 to 7.8 ng / mL . However , none of the antibodies neutralized Ebola virus infection in vitro , suggesting that these IgG antibodies are unable to block Ebola virus infection . Thus , these IgG antibodies possess GP-binding activity but not Ebola virus-neutralizing activity .

- indicates more than 50 % cytopathic effect , + indicates less than 50 % cytopathic effect , and 2 G4 indicates ZMAb cocktail monoclonal IgG .

Negative control indicates Ebola virus addition alone , positive control ( 2 G4 ) indicates addition of Ebola virus plus IgG ( 2 G4 ) .

HEK293-GP or HEK293 cells ( 5 × 10 5 ) were reacted at 4 ° C for 30 minutes with 2 1 ⁄ 4 L of sera or 1 1 ⁄ 4 g of the purified IgG antibodies in fluorescence-activated cell sorting ( FACS ) buffer ( PBS +1 % bovine serum albumin ) . This was followed by reaction at 4 ° C for 30 minutes with fluorescein isothiocyanate ( FITC ) - conjugated anti-mouse IgG ( whole molecule ) or anti-mouse IgG ( Fc ) . In each step , the cells were washed twice with FACS buffer . The FITC-conjugated anti-mouse IgG ( whole molecule ) and anti-mouse IgG ( Fc ) were purchased from Sigma-Aldrich and Abcam ( Cambridge , UK ) , respectively . Finally , the cells were analyzed using a FACSCalibur flow cytometer ( BD Biosciences , San Diego , CA , USA ) .


A549 cells ( ATCC , CCL-185 ) were pretreated with the carboxylic ionophore monensin ( 8 1 ⁄ 4 M ) ( Sigma , M5273 ) [ 27 , 28 ] or the weak base ammonium chloride ( 10 mM ) . Pretreatments were applied 1 hour prior to vector transduction at 4 ° C . The media were changed and FIV vectors pseudotyped with LCMV WE54 , VSV-G , or MuLV amphotropic envelopes were applied at an MOI of 10 . Viruses were incubated on the cells for 30 minutes at 37 ° C , then fresh media was replaced . Control cultures received vehicle treatment only . Four days later , gene transfer efficiency was assessed using Galacto-Light Plus beta-Galactosidase Reporter Gene Assay System ( Applied Biosystems , BL300P ) and normalized for total protein by Lowry assay .

LCMV Arm53b and clone13 are nearly genetically identical with the exception of two amino acid changes , one occurring in the viral polymerase encoded by the large RNA fragment and the other at position 260 of GP1 [ 14 ] . LCMV WE54 and WE2 . 2 are also genetically similar with only one amino acid difference at position 153 of GP1 . Genetic and phenotypic comparison of the New World arenavirus and LCMV variants led to the observation that amino acid 260 of GP1 plays an important role in their ability to utilize ± - DG [ 12 , 15 ] . Spiropoulou et al . generalized that a leucine or isoleucine residue at position 260 was required for high ± - DG affinity , while bulky aromatic residues such as phenylalanine or tyrosine generally resulted in low affinity [ 16 ] . A similar change in affinity was observed between WE54 and WE2 . 2 , the result of a serine to phenylalanine mutation at position 153 of GP1 . Proper glycosylation , specifically Omannosylation [ 17 ] , and modifications of LARGE glycosyltransferase [ 18 ] also play important roles in receptor recognition by LCMV . However , LCMV isolates can transduce ± - DG - / mouse ES cells with reduced efficacy , indicating that ± - DG dependence is not absolute [ 3 , 11 , 19 ] . Utilization of an alternate receptor can not be ruled out as a possibility .

Differences arose when comparing wild-type LCMV to lentiviral pseudotypes with respect to their ± - DG binding affinities and neutralization properties . Wild-type LCMV WE54 bound approximately three times greater to immobilized ± - DG than its pseudotyped counterpart ( Figure 3 B ) . There are multiple possible explanations for this observation . LCMV envelope glycoproteins normally form homotetramers on the virion surface . However , the HIV-1 and SIV lentiviruses have been demonstrated by electron tomography to possess as few as 8 - 10 trimers per virion [ 37 ] . Thus , glycoproteins displayed on the surface of FIV particles may not mirror presentation on native LCMV virions . This could reduce ± - DG binding and might also decrease recognition by the monoclonal antibody used against GP2 . A difference in the number of glycoproteins displayed on a virion may also lead to a disparity between wild-type and pseudotype receptor binding affinity . Regardless , the results of the viral neutralization and ± - DG binding assays confirm that FIV-WE54 binds significantly better than vector with the LCMV L260F envelope .

To determine the in vivo tropism of LCMV pseudotyped FIV , vector was delivered to 6 - 8 week old adult mice either locally to the respiratory epithelia [ 24 ] or systemically via tail vein [ 31 ] . Attempts to transduce the respiratory tract in adult mice with FIV-WE54 and FIV-L260F yielded undetectable luciferase signals in enzyme assays and bioluminescence imaging following intranasal or intratracheal delivery ( data not shown ) . Intravenous vector delivery to adult mice also yielded undetectable levels of luciferase expression ( Figure 4 ) . In contrast , FIV pseudotyped with the baculovirus GP64 envelope successfully transduced adult murine tissues following each delivery route ( Figure 4 and data not shown ) , as shown previously [ 26 ] . The lack of transduction in adult murine tissues may be due to the developmental regulation of ± - DG ( the receptor for the WE54 strain of LCMV ) , a consequence of post-translational modifications of ± - DG , or related to other post receptor binding steps [ 36 ] . Since ± - DG expression is reported to be most abundant in fetal and neonatal tissues [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] and Figure 1 , we next tested LCMV tropism in neonatal mice .

A limit of the study is that no clinical data were available in the virological surveillance system of influenza in Réunion Island . It was impossible to compare clinical symptoms according to each pathogen and to know if there are different pathogens which cause for instance rhinitis , laryngitis or bronchitis ( diseases included in ILI ) . A specific prospective study including clinical data might provide useful elements in the semiotics of diseases .

Regarding negative swabs ( Fig 2 ) , we observed no seasonality during the study period with a similar proportion whatever the season .

A weekly description of samples was realized to study the distribution of respiratory pathogens in 2011 and 2012 ( Fig 1 ) . Results of biological analyses were compared with data of ILI consultations declared by sentinel GPs in 2011 and 2012 . We observed in 2011 , after a first wave in June mainly due to influenza A not H1N1 virus , a second wave of ILI consultations with mainly identification of Parainfluenza viruses and not influenza viruses . In 2012 , the second epidemic wave at the end of austral winter coincided with Influenza viruses and Rhinovirus circulation .

Among the 22 respiratory pathogens tested by the multiplex , only three were not found in any analyzed sample : Parainfluenza3 , Legionella pneumophila and Bordetella pertussis .

Total lung hydroxyproline contents were determined using a well-accepted assay [ 27 ] . Briefly , samples of lung homogenate ( 500 1 ⁄ 4 L ) were added to 1 mL of 6 N hydrochloric acid for 8 h at 120 ° C . To a 5 1 ⁄ 4 L sample of the digested lung , 5 1 ⁄ 4 l of citrate / acetate buffer ( 5 % citric acid , 7.2 % sodium acetate , 3.4 % sodium hydroxide , and 1.2 % glacial acetic acid , pH 6.0 ) and 100 1 ⁄ 4 L of chloramine-T solution ( 282 mg of chloramine-T , 2 ml of Npropanol , 2 ml of distilled water , and 16 mL of citrate / acetate buffer ) were added . The resulting samples were then incubated at room temperature for 20 min before addition of 100 1 ⁄ 4 l of Ehrlich 's solution ( Aldrich , Milwaukee , WI ) , 9.3 mL of N-propanol , and 3.9 mL of 70 % perchloric acid . After a further incubation at 65 ° C samples for 15 min , samples were read at 550 nm in a DU640 spectrophotometer ( Beckman , Fullerton , CA ) ; hydroxyproline concentrations were then calculated from standard curve ( 0 - 100 1 ⁄ 4 g / mL hydroxyproline ) .

Pulmonary fibrosis was induced by intratracheal ( i.t. ) administration of bleomycin ( Blenoxane , Mead Johnson , Princeton , NJ ) suspended in sterile phosphate-buffered saline ( PBS ) at 0.15 U / Kg . Control mice received saline vehicle only ( N = 5 per group ) . At different time post intratracheal injection ( day 0 , 7 and 21 ) mice were anesthetized with ketamine ( Dopalen , Vetbrands , Brazil , 60 % ) and xylazine ( Anasedan , Vetbrands , Brazil , 40 % ) solution ( 60 1 ⁄ 4 L in total ) for blood and BAL fluid collection . In some cases , animals were perfused with 20 mL of PBS to remove blood contents from tissues , and lung were collected and processed as described below . Animal survival was monitored daily up to 21 days postbleomycin . In case of death , the experiments were repeated to achieve the minimal number of 5 animals per group .

10 1 ⁄ 4 g genomic DNA was digested with EcoRI and BamHI ( NEB ) , which would generate a 4,789 - bp band if GFP was correctly integrated . Digested DNA was electrophoresed and transferred to a nylon membrane ( Millipore ) . A 5,000 - bp linearized plasmid bearing a GFP sequence was used as a positive control . A DIG-labeled GFP probe was assembled according to the manufacturer 's instructions ( Roche ) . The membrane was hybridized in the hybridization buffer at 55 ° C ( Roche ) , washed in 2 × SSC / 0.1 % SDS at room temperature and 0.1 × SSC / 0.1 % SDS at 65 ° C . The hybridized blot was blocked and then probed by anti-DIG antibody ( 1 : 10,000 ; Roche ) and afterwards incubated with a fast chemiluminescent substrate ( Roche ) of alkaline phosphatase for detection . The GFP probe was generated with the following primers : 59 - ACGTAAACGGCCACAAGTTC-39 , 59 - GAACTCCAGCAGGACCATGT-39 .

The SMN2 targeting donor vector comprised homology sequences and a GFP cassette . 2 1 ⁄ 4 g targeting donor , 0.5 1 ⁄ 4 g SMN2-specific gRNA , and 0.5 1 ⁄ 4 g Cas9 plasmid were transiently cotransfected into HEK293 cells ( Invitrogen ) using the calcium phosphate precipitation method . Both GFP start codon and exon 8 stop codon were omitted after HR . Cells were selected and enriched by GFP fluorescence . For clonal culture , 64 single cells were plated in each 96 - well plate . After 10 - 12 d , positive single clones with GFP fluorescence were picked up and validated by genomic DNA PCR . PCR products were then sequenced to confirm correct integration according to the two unique sequence sites differing between the SMN1 ( NG _ 008691.1 ) and SMN2 ( NG _ 008728.1 ) genes within intron 6 . Primer sets used are as follows : SMN2-59arm , 59 - ACGTCCTGCAGGTGCC-CAGGGTGGTGTCA-39 , 59 - ACGTCGTCTCATCACTGCCAGCATTTCCTGCAAAT-39 ; SMN2-39arm , 59 - ACGTCGTCTCAAGCAGCACTAAATGACACCA-39 , 59 - ACGTGCGGCCGCTAATTTAAAAAAAAATTAAATATTTTTATTATATACTTTT-39 ; GFP , 59 - ACGTCGTCTCAGTGAGCAAGGGCGAGGAGCT-39 , 59 - ACGTCGTCTCATGCTT-TACTTGTACAGCTCGTCCATGC-39 ; genomic DNA PCR , Forward 59 - GAGCT-CAGGTGATCCAACTGTC-39 , Reverse , 59 - TTAGTGGTGTCATTTAGTGCTGC-39 ; Intron 6 - F 59 - GAGACAGAGTCTTGCTCTGTCA-39 , GFP-R 59 - CTTCAGGGT-CAGCTTGCCGTA-39 .

Taking advantage of recently developed gene targeting technology based on the CRISPR / Cas9 system ( Wang et al , 2013 a ; Mali et al , 2013 ; Hou et al , 2014 ; Niu et al , 2014 ) , in this study , we seek to precisely and specifically target the human SMN2 gene to build a unique SMN2-GFP reporter line for screening drugs for SMA . Upon the successful establishment of the SMN2-GFP reporter in HEK293 cells , we then screened a small compound library ( 980 compounds ) and identified a novel small molecule that can increase the functional SMN . The compound selected from this small library can significantly increase the expression of SMN protein more than 70 % in patient cells , emphasizing the usefulness of this human SMN2reporter-based strategy for drug screening . To dissect the mechanism of action of this compound , we further examined the effects of this compound on transcription , protein stability , and ubiquitin proteasome and cysteine protease pathway . Finally , to determine the role of candidate compounds on motor neuron degeneration in SMA , we examined the effects of the compound on axonal and mitochondrial defects , as well as motor neuron loss using both SMA induced pluripotent stem cells ( iPSCs ) and SMA mouse models .

The SMN2 gene is translated to SMN-FL ( ~ 10 % ) and SMN- " 7 ( ~ 90 % ) proteins , which can be further degraded through the ubiquitin / proteasome system ( Chang et al , 2004 ; Burnett et al , 2009 ) . SMN- " 7 is unstable and degrades much quicker than SMN-FL . The half-life of SMN- " 7 is around half compared with that of SMN-FL . Similarly , in our Myc-SMN2a-and Myc-SMN2d-inducible cell lines , the half-life of Myc-SMN2a is around half to that of Myc-SMN2d . Although SMN- " 7 degrades quickly , a study using severe SMA mice showed that expression of SMN- " 7 extended the life span of these mice , suggesting that SMN- " 7 is beneficial in SMA models ( Le et al , 2005 ) . One possible mechanism underlying this protective effect is that SMN- " 7 can form a complex with SMN-FL ( Le et al , 2005 ; Burnett et al , 2009 ) , which is more stable and , thus , enhance the SMN-FL proteins . Our study demonstrates that the candidate compound Z-FA-FMK can stabilize both SMN-FL and SMN- " 7 proteins , which contributes to its potent effect in increasing functional SMN proteins . Importantly , both SMN-FL and SMN- " 7 proteins have the ability to form gems in Cajal bodies in nuclei , suggesting that these stabilized proteins are functional . Furthermore , unlike MG-132 , Z-FA-FMK did not cause the accumulation of ubiquitinated SMN proteins , suggesting that Z-FA-FMK increases the SMN stability through a different mechanism other than ubiquitination / proteasome pathway .

Role of Z-FA-FMK on mitochondrial dynamics and motor neuron loss in SMA Mitochondria are highly dynamic and constantly undergo fission and fusion to maintain normal shape and function ( Chan , 2012 ; Otera et al , 2013 ; van der Bliek et al , 2013 ; Wagener , 2016 ) . In SMA patient iPSC-derived spinal motor neuron cultures , our previous study observed abnormal mitochondrial morphology in these neurons , indicating impaired mitochondrial dynamics . To determine the effect of this small molecule on mitochondrial dynamics , we compared the number and size of the mitochondria between DMSO-and Z-FA-FMK-treated groups ( Fig 8 D-G ) . Spinal motor neurons derived from WT control and SMA iPSCs were stained with MitoTracker . After staining , the motor neuron axons were imaged ( Fig 8 D ) , and the number and morphology of mitochondria were analyzed using MetaMorph software as we described previously . In SMA iPSC-derived motor neuron cultures , the number ( Fig 8E ) and the area ( Fig 8 G ) of mitochondria along axons were significantly decreased compared with that in control neurons . Application of Z-FA-FMK significantly inhibited these decreases , revealing the rescue of mitochondrial dynamics defects .

SMN protein is a ubiquitously expressed protein ; however , reduced levels of this protein results in specific degeneration of spinal motor neurons . It has been shown that the splicing of SMN2 to SMN-FL transcript is much less efficient in spinal motor neurons compared with other type of neurons ( Ruggiu et al , 2011 ) . Moreover , the stability of SMN proteins is also affected in SMA . It has been shown that in the presence of low levels of SMN-FL , the oligomerizations of SMN-FL / SMN-FL and SMN-FL / SMN- " 7 are significantly reduced ) . The reduced levels of SMN have a profound effect on spinal motor neurons , leading to axonal defects and neuronal degeneration . In addition to impaired axonal outgrowth and transport , a recent study reported the dysfunction of mitochondria in mouse NSC-34 cells with SMN knockdown , suggesting that SMN is also important for mitochondrial function ( Acsadi et al , 2009 ) . Impaired mitochondrial function ( Berger et al , 2003 ; Ripolone et al , 2015 ) and increased oxidative stress ( Hayashi et al , 2002 ) have also been reported in SMA patients . We have successfully established human pluripotent stem cell-based models of SMA ( Wang et al , 2013 b ; Xu et al , 2016 ) , which recapitulate disease-specific axonal phenotypes and selective motor neuron degeneration . Interestingly , we also observed mitochondrial defects in SMA spinal motor neurons ( Wang et al , 2013 b ; Xu et al , 2016 ) . These data suggest that axonal defects and mitochondrial dysfunction are important pathological changes in SMA , which serve as unique counter assays to validate candidate compounds .

Novel role of cysteine protease-mediated pathway in the degradation of SMN proteins Z-FA-FMK is reported as an irreversible cysteine protease inhibitor Van Noorden et al , 1988 ) , which prompts us to investigate the role of the protease-mediated degradation on the stability of SMN proteins . Notably , two families of cysteine proteases , calpains ( CAPN ) and cathepsins ( CTS ) , are reported to be associated with the initiation of protein degradations and neurodegeneration ( Yamashima , 2004 ; Siklos et al , 2015 ) . Calpains are Ca 2 + ion-activated non-lysosomal cysteine proteases , and cathepsins are lysosomal protease enzymes ( Yamashima , 2004 ; Siklos et al , 2015 ) . Using mRNA sequencing , we first examined the expression of hCalpains and of hCathepsins in 7 - wk-old forebrain neurons and spinal motor neurons derived from iPSCs . As shown in Fig 7 A , several CAPNs and CTSs , including CAPN1 , CAPN2 , CAPN7 , CTSB , and CTSL are highly expressed ( fragments per kilo base per million mapped reads value > 10 ) in human iPSC-derived motor neurons , implying their role in regulating the degradation of SMN proteins in human motor neurons .

It is interesting that both SMN-FL and SMN- " 7 can be stabilized by Z-FA-FMK . Next , we examined if the stabilized SMN by Z-FA-FMK is functional . SMN proteins form a complex with Geminis 2 - 8 and are often localized in Cajal bodies in nuclei , which play an important role in pre-mRNA splicing and gene transcription ( Liu & Dreyfuss , 1996 ; Meister et al , 2002 ) . Using Myc-SMN2a ( generating SMN- " 7 proteins ) and Myc-SMN2d ( generating SMN-FL proteins ) - inducible lines , we compared the formation of SMN gems in Cajal bodies after the withdrawal of doxycycline between DMSO-and Z-FA-FMKtreated groups ( Fig 6 A-D ) . As expected , Z-FA-FMK significantly increased the amount of nuclear SMN gems in Cajal bodies after doxycycline withdrawal in Myc-SMN2d line ( Fig 6 B and D ) . Notably , the number of gems also significantly increased in Myc-SMN2a cells after the treatment of Z-FA-FMK ( Fig 6 A and C ) . These results demonstrate that both SMN-FL and SMN- " 7 stabilized by Z-FA-FMK are biologically functional .

To further validate the candidate compound , we performed the secondary analysis using SMA patient-specific iPSCs that were successfully generated from a type I SMA patient . We first examined the effect of Z-FA-FMK on the expression of SMN proteins in iPSCs ( Fig 4 A ) . SMA iPSCs were treated with Z-FA-FMK at different concentrations ( 1 , 10 , and 100 1 ⁄ 4 M ) for 48 h and subsequently harvested for Western blot analysis ( Fig 4 B ) . The protein expression of SMN was significantly increased after treatment with Z-FA-FMK at 10 and 100 1 ⁄ 4 M , revealing a dose-dependent effect ( Fig 4 B and C ) . Quantification analyses revealed that the protein level of SMN was significantly increased to ~ 170 % in Z-FA-FMK ( 10 1 ⁄ 4 M ) - treated SMA iPSCs as compared with the DMSO-treated control ( Fig 4 C ) . Given that spinal motor neurons specifically degenerate in SMA patients , we then examined the effect of Z-FA-FMK on the expression of SMN in SMA patient-derived spinal motor neurons . SMA iPSCs were differentiated into spinal motor neurons used a modified monolayer differentiation system in the presence of retinoic acid ( for caudalization ) and purmorphamine ( for ventralization ) ( Fig 4 A ) . Similarly , as we previously described , iPSCs first differentiated into neuroepithelial cells ( NE , 1 - wk ) with characteristic rosette structures ( Fig 4 A ) . These neural precursors then differentiated into spinal motor neuron progenitors ( 2 - wk ) and subsequent post-mitotic spinal motor neurons ( 3 - wk ) ( Fig 4 A ) . Z-FA-FMK was applied to cultures at 10 1 ⁄ 4 M starting from the NE stage ( day 7 ) . In day-24 spinal motor neuron cultures , the expression of the functional SMN protein was dramatically increased in Z-FA-FMK-treated group compared with that in DMSO-treated SMA spinal motor neurons ( Fig 4 D ) . After further culture , SMA spinal motor neurons degenerated ; similarly , as we reported before , there was a significant increase in the caspase 3 / 7 activity , revealing increased apoptosis caused by the deficiency of functional SMN in long-term cultures . Interestingly , after treatment with Z-FA-FMK , the increased caspase 3 / 7 activity was significantly ameliorated in SMA motor neuron cultures ( Fig 4E ) . Together , these data suggest that the candidate compound , Z-FA-FMK , is effective in increasing the functional SMN and rescuing motor neuron degeneration in human iPSC-based model of SMA . Western blot analysis revealed an increased expression of SMN proteins after Z-FA-FMK treatment at day-24 motor neuron stage . ( E ) The activity of caspase 3 / 7 was significantly increased in motor neuron long-term cultures ( 6 - wk ) derived from SMA iPSCs , and this increase was significantly inhibited by the application of Z-FA-FMK . Mean ± SEM , n = 5 . * * P < 0.01 as compared with the WT group , # # P < 0.01 as compared with the SMA + DMSO group by two-tailed t test . The dose-dependent effect of Z-FA-FMK ( C ) in SMA iPSCs was confirmed using linear regression ( P = 0.000 8 ) .

https://doi.org/10.26508/lsa.201800268 vol 2 | no 2 | e201800268 significantly enhance the mRNA expression of SMN in patient fibroblast cells ( Figs 3 G and S5C ) . Together , our data reveal the effectiveness of our SMN2-gene-based screening system and identify a small molecule , Z-FA-FMK , which has a novel role in increasing the protein levels of SMN .

Inhibiting cysteine proteases for SMA Wang et al .

Spinal muscular atrophy ( SMA ) , the leading genetic cause of infant mortality , is caused by reduced levels of functional survival motor neuron ( SMN ) protein . To identify therapeutic agents for SMA , we established a versatile SMN2-GFP reporter line by targeting the human SMN2 gene . We then screened a compound library and identified Z-FA-FMK as a potent candidate . Z-FA-FMK , a cysteine protease inhibitor , increased functional SMN through inhibiting the protease-mediated degradation of both full-length and exon 7 - deleted forms of SMN . Further studies reveal that CAPN1 , CAPN7 , CTSB , and CTSL mediate the degradation of SMN proteins , providing novel targets for SMA . Notably , Z-FA-FMK mitigated mitochondriopathy and neuropathy in SMA patient-derived motor neurons and showed protective effects in SMA animal model after intracerebroventricular injection . E64d , another cysteine protease inhibitor which can pass through the blood-brain barrier , showed even more potent therapeutic effects after subcutaneous delivery to SMA mice . Taken together , we have successfully established a human SMN2 reporter for future drug discovery and identified the potential therapeutic value of cysteine protease inhibitors in treating SMA via stabilizing SMN proteins .

Birds 22 and 47 were separated from the rest on the MDS plot [ See Additional file 2 : Figure S1 ] . However , inspection of raw sequence data and mapping parameters did not identify any technical problems which would explain the observed out-grouping of these birds . In addition an interclass principal component analysis ( PCA ) was performed using raw and normalized gene counts . The interclass PCA revealed that the birds 22 and 47 were placed outside the 95 % confidence intervals of their respective treatments [ See Additional file 3 : Figure S2 ] . However , the PCA did not identify any gene having extreme count profiles which may have contributed to the transcriptome dispersion of birds 22 and 47 with respect to their treatment groups . Although there was no clear technical or biological explanation for their out-grouping , these samples were removed from further analysis .

Multi-dimensional scaling ( MDS ) plot on expressed genes between the two lines , L10H and L10L , showed that they differ considerably in their transcriptome profiles for both uninfected and IBV-infected birds [ See Additional file 2 : Figure S1 ] . Moreover , inter-individual variation in gene expression at week 1 was considerably higher than that observed at week 3 for both uninfected and IBV-infected birds [ See Additional file 2 : Figure S1 ] .

The experimental timeline and sampling time points are as illustrated in Fig . 1 and a full description of the experimental infection is reported by Kjaerup et al . [ 18 ] . The birds were infected at 3 weeks of age and from day 2 post-infection ( p.i. ) , showed clinical signs characteristic of IBV infection , including sneezing and labored breathing . Viral loads in tracheal swabs were assessed for all birds as reported in the previous paper published on the experimental infection study [ 18 ] . No virus was detected in the uninfected birds at any time point throughout the experiment . Viral genomes were detected in swabs from infected birds from day 1 to 8 p.i. Notably , significantly lower viral loads ( p < 0.03 ) were observed in birds from line L10H in comparison to infected birds from line L10L [ 18 ] .

Two chicken lines which were selected for high and low MBL serum concentrations ( designated L10H and L10L , respectively ) , were used in the present study . Selective breeding has been performed for 14 generations using the combination of two strains ( 67.5 % UM-B19 chickens and 33.5 % White Cornish ) as a starting population , as described by Juul-Madsen et al . [ 17 ] . The final result was two divergent lines , with mean MBL serum concentrations of 33.4 1 ⁄ 4 g / ml for the L10H line and 7.6 1 ⁄ 4 g / ml for the L10L line , respectively [ 18 , 19 ] . The mean MBL serum concentration for 14 different chicken lines representing both broilers and layers is around 6 1 ⁄ 4 g / ml , but varies from 0.4 to 37.8 1 ⁄ 4 g / ml in normal healthy chickens with protein produced in the liver as the main source of circulating MBL [ 17 ] . In chickens , a positive correlation between MBL serum concentrations and the severity of several infections , such as infections caused by IBV [ 19 ] , Escherichia coli [ 20 ] and Pasteurella multocida [ 21 ] , has been observed . Chicken MBL binds to IBV [ 16 , 22 ] , therefore it is possible that MBL facilitates innate responses such as opsono-phagocytosis , complement activation or virus neutralization , in the early stages of IBV infection . In mammals MBL has also been shown to influence induction of adaptive immunity [ 23 ] . In support of the role of MBL in response to IBV , Kjaerup et al . [ 18 ] observed considerable differences in cellular adaptive immune parameters in response to an IBV infection between lines L10L and L10H . Furthermore , birds from L10H line exhibited lower viral loads and less severe damage of tracheal cilia following the IBV infection in comparison to birds from the L10L line .

Libraries were prepared with the Illumina TruseqRNA sample prep kit ( Catalog ID FC-122-1001 , Illumina , San Diego , USA ) following the manufacturer 's protocol and evaluated with the Agilent Tape Station 2200 . Libraries were quantified by Picogreen and then normalized to 10 nM as recommended by Illumina for cluster generation on the Hiseq2000 . Equimolar amounts of each library were mixed before NaOH denaturation .

Tissue samples were homogenized on a TissueLyzer LT ( Qiagen , Hilden , Germany ) . Total RNA was extracted with the Qiagen RNAeasy Kit ( Catalog ID 74104 , Qiagen , Venlo , Netherlands ) according to the manufacturer 's instructions . The quality of the 64 total RNA samples was verified using a 2200 TapeStation RNA Screen Tape device ( Agilent , Santa Clara , CA , USA ) and the concentration ascertained using an ND-1000 spectrophotometer ( Nano-Drop , Wilmington , DE ) .

In conclusion , large differences in the spleen transcriptome between the two chicken lines , L10L and L10H , were observed in both uninfected ( healthy ) and IBVinfected birds . The uninfected birds from the two lines showed differences in expression profiles for a subset of both adaptive and innate immunity-related genes , which may represent differences in preparedness to respond to an infection . Following infection with IBV , the two lines showed large differences in expression of genes involved in the adaptive cellular immune response such as T cell activation and proliferation pathways and hence their ability to respond to the infection , which is reflected in the difference in pathogen load seen between the two lines .

In addition to the differences in the expression profiles for a subset of innate immune genes , the two lines also differed in their expression of adaptive immune genes . Uninfected birds from L10H had a higher gene expression compared to the line L10L , for TGFB3 , IL7 , FKBP1B , FAS and PTPN22 . These genes are known to be involved in a wide range of adaptive immune processes . In humans , reducing the TGF-2 signaling on T cells has been shown to increase the function of CD8 T cells in an indirect way which results in the rapid elimination of viruses , enabling the creation of an effective memory response [ 36 ] . Similarly , human IL-7 plays a key role in the survival of both naïve [ 37 ] and memory [ 38 , 39 ] CD4 and CD8 T cells . Moreover , an in vitro study showed that inhibition of FKBP1B and other cyclophilins blocked the replication of different Coronaviruses , including IBV [ 40 ] . In analogy , uninfected birds from the L10H line had a higher expression of IL7 , FKBP1B , FAS and PTPN22 .

Focusing on the expression of immune-related genes : at week 1 , the uninfected birds showed differences in the expression of genes involved in both adaptive immunity and innate immunity-related pathways [ See Additional file 16 : Figure S3 ] . In addition , the line L10H had a lower expression for the subset of the innate immune genes , TYRO3 , TRAF3 and TLR7 at week 1 [ See Additional file 16 : Figure S3 and Fig . 4 ] . TYRO3 encodes tyrosineprotein kinase receptor 3 ( TYRO3 ) which is involved in inhibition of TLR signaling pathways and TLR-induced cytokine signaling pathways . These two pathways influence immune-related processes , including cell proliferation / survival , cell adhesion and migration and inhibits the innate inflammatory response to pathogens [ 31 ] . TRAF3 encodes a cytoplasmic signaling protein , which plays a critical role in the regulation of antiviral response and viral evasion [ 32 ] [ 33 ] [ 34 ] . TLR7 was also among the DE innate immunity-related genes with higher expression in the line L10H . Chicken TLR7 has been shown to play a part in the response to IBV infections [ 9 , 35 ] .

Comparing infected birds from the two lines , at week 1 , " Alpha-beta T cell activation " ( GO : 0046631 ) , " Activation of innate immune response " ( GO : 0002218 ) and " Leukocyte differentiation " ( GO : 0002521 ) functions were the three most enriched GO Immune System terms ( Fig . 3 ) . CXCR4 ( Chemokine receptor 4 ) , PTPN22 and FAS were among the most highly expressed genes in L10H [ See Fig . 4 , Additional file 18 : Figure S5 ] .

Conclusions : Healthy birds from the two lines showed significant differences in expression profiles for subsets of adaptive and innate immunity-related genes , whereas comparison of the IBV-infected birds from the two lines showed differences in expression of immunity-related genes involved in T cell activation and proliferation . The observed transcriptome differences between the two lines indicate that selection for MBL had influenced innate as well as adaptive immunity .

The first one is blood stasis syndrome theory and the clinical application of the method of promoting blood circulation and removing blood stasis . Blood stasis syndrome theory is first recorded in The Songs of Chu , a classical literature written in ancient China . Shuo Wen Jie Zi ( Text Notes and Word Explanations ) written by Xu Shen in the Eastern Han Dynasty explained that blood stasis is hematocele . And it was frequently mentioned in TCM classics such as the Canon of Internal Medicine , Treatise on Febrile Diseases , and Synopsis of Golden Chamber . Inspired by the prominent TCM doctor Guo Shikui 's experience in treating angina pectoris by Decoction for Removing Blood Stasis , a classic formula developed by Wang Qingren in Qing Dynasty , academician Chen Keji advocated treating coronary heart disease by activating blood circulation to dissipate blood stasis principally . His team was the first to study the diagnostic criteria of blood stasis syndrome and report the quantitative scoring method , which had been extensively used in domestic and was the first study in using objective quantitative method in TCM syndrome study . Objectified study of abdomen diagnosis on blood stasis syndrome was also superior to the research methods of Japan in the same period . Standards of syndrome differentiation and therapeutic evaluation of coronary heart disease were formulated according to above-mentioned researches , which had already become national standards . The essence of blood stasis syndrome and mechanism of treating coronary heart disease by activating blood circulation to dissipate blood stasis had been elucidated at various levels of intact animal , tissue , cell , molecule , and gene protein expression . As coronary restenosis after coronary artery balloon injury and stent placement have been considered an international difficult problem , academician Chen firstly treated it by decoction for removing blood stasis and optimized the prescription to a more simplified and effective recipe , Xiong Shao Capsule ( XSC ) . A randomized controlled trial ( RCT ) about XSC showed that the restenosis rate in XSC group treated by XSC on the basis of routine western therapy was decreased by 45 % compared with routine western therapy group , and the experimental studies showed that XSC could suppress the gene expression of proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells [ 16 ] [ 17 ] [ 18 ] [ 19 ] . With important academic value and clinical significance , the study has promoted the academic development of TCM greatly , which had been awarded the first award of national science and technology progress in 2003 .

Evidence-based medicine ( EBM ) is a new subject quickly developed in the clinical medicine field in the 1990s . The core thinking is to combine evidence , personal experiences , and patients ' actual situation to formulate scientific measures for preventing diseases , promoting the recovery and improving life quality . Among them , clinical evidence originates mainly from randomized controlled trial ( RCT ) , systematic review , and meta-analysis . With medical science transforming from traditional experience medicine into evidence-based medicine , fundamental changes have taken place in clinical medicine . Therefore , following the principle of respecting science and evidence , it is of the utmost importance to enhance the level of clinical research evidence in TCM and integrative medicine [ 72 ] [ 73 ] [ 74 ] .

Taking cardiovascular disease , for example , there are about 30 % of the population in the world died from cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events , among which 62 % of stroke and 49 % of cardiovascular events were directly caused by hypertension [ 65 ] . According to the China cardiovascular reports ( 2008 - 2009 ) , the occurrence and mortality of cardiovascular disease is still increasing in our country , and it is estimated that the number of patients with cardiovascular disease is at least 230 million . It also demonstrated that there were about 200 million hypertensive patients in China with more than 10 million patients increased annually . As the primary cardiovascular risk factor , the risk level of hypertension is equivalent to three other cardiovascular risk factors together . That is why more Evidence-Based Complementary and Alternative Medicine 7 emphasis should be taken on prevention and intervention of earlier-stage hypertension in clinical researches of integrative medicine . Additionally , hyperlipidemia , hyperglycemia , obesity , and other risk factors also should be paid more attention to . It is reported by World Health Organization ( WHO ) that if risk factors were controlled as early as possible , 80 % of the disease can be prevented effectively , such as coronary heart disease , stroke , and diabetes . Furthermore , paying 1 yuan in prevention will save 7 - 8 yuan in treatment .

Disease . " Moving prevention and control strategy forward " is a national macrohealth policy , which well adapted to the new medical model , " physiological-psychological-socialenvironmental " model . It means that the focal point of medicine will be transferred from treating disease to health care , and disease prevention will be paid more attention to . Therefore , the policy of " prevention first " will be carried out instead of traditional ideological concept " treatment is more major than prevention . " It is similar to the TCM theory of " preventive treatment of disease , " including principles of " preventing measure taken before the occurrence of disease " and " preventing measure taken after the occurrence of disease " in Canon of Internal Medicine . Concrete measures of " moving prevention and control strategy forward " include concept forward , funding forward , emphasis of the researches forward , and measures to be carried out forward . It could reduce the incidence of the major diseases from the origin and effectively control the medical expense and save resources in medicine and health . Integrative medicine researches should also observe the principles above and pay more and more attention to improve the curative effect of common and frequent diseases .

Chronic hepatitis B is the common disease in China , as well as in the world , causing great affliction to patients . It has become the major issue in the treatment of chronic liver disease . The progression of chronic hepatitis B may lead to liver cirrhosis and hepatocellular carcinoma . Hepatic fibrosis is the common pathological end stage of various chronic liver diseases regardless of the etiology , and blocking the occurrence and development of fibrosis of liver is very important in chronic hepatic diseases ' treatment and prognosis . TCM has become the important therapy in treating chronic hepatitis , liver fibrosis , and liver cirrhosis . Some scholars put forward the hypothesis that liver fibrosis and early liver cirrhosis can be reversed . They found out that the basic pathogenesis of liver fibrosis is weakened body resistance and blood stasis , so therapeutic method of strengthening body resistance and dispelling stasis was established , and " Fu Zheng Hua Yu Capsules , " a new drug for treating liver fibrosis , was developed . Predominantly evaluated by liver tissue fibrosis , clinical researches were carried out to observe the curative effect of the therapeutic method of strengthening body resistance and dispelling stasis . The total inversion rate of liver tissue fibrosis was 52 % to 58.3 % compared before and after treatment , which also confirmed that liver fibrosis can be reversed and treated . The mechanism includes significantly inhibiting lipid peroxidation , the proliferation of hepatic stellate cell and activation of collagen expression , reducing inflammation of hepatocytic injury model , increasing the activity of matrix metalloproteinases , promoting the degradation of pathological liver collagen , and so on [ 44 ] [ 45 ] [ 46 ] .

